Installed Packages
CUnit.x86_64                                         2.1.3-17.el8                                               @appstream             
GConf2.x86_64                                        3.2.6-22.el8                                               @appstream             
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                                1.3.38-1.el8                                               @epel                  
GraphicsMagick-perl.x86_64                           1.3.38-1.el8                                               @epel                  
HdrHistogram.noarch                                  2.1.11-3.module+el8.4.0+405+66dfe7da                       @appstream             
HdrHistogram-javadoc.noarch                          2.1.11-3.module+el8.4.0+405+66dfe7da                       @appstream             
HdrHistogram_c.x86_64                                0.9.13-2.el8                                               @appstream             
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   6.9.12.86-1.el8                                            @epel                  
ImageMagick-devel.x86_64                             6.9.12.86-1.el8                                            @epel                  
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              6.9.12.86-1.el8                                            @epel                  
Judy.x86_64                                          1.0.5-18.module+el8.4.0+427+adf35707                       @appstream             
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.19.5-3.el8                                               @appstream             
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.20.2-1.el8                                               @baseos                
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.20.2-1.el8                                               @baseos                
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
NetworkManager-config-server.noarch                  1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
NetworkManager-dispatcher-routing-rules.noarch       1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
NetworkManager-initscripts-updown.noarch             1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
NetworkManager-l2tp.x86_64                           1.20.8-1.el8                                               @epel                  
NetworkManager-l2tp-gnome.x86_64                     1.20.8-1.el8                                               @epel                  
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                      1.2.10-4.el8                                               @appstream             
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.6-2.el8.1                                              @epel                  
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.8.10-1.el8.1                                           @epel                  
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-1.el8.3                                            @epel                  
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                            1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.40.16-3.el8_8                                          @baseos                
OpenEXR-devel.x86_64                                 2.2.0-12.el8                                               @powertools            
OpenEXR-libs.x86_64                                  2.2.0-12.el8                                               @appstream             
OpenIPMI.x86_64                                      2.0.31-3.el8                                               @baseos                
OpenIPMI-lanserv.x86_64                              2.0.31-3.el8                                               @baseos                
OpenIPMI-libs.x86_64                                 2.0.31-3.el8                                               @baseos                
OpenIPMI-perl.x86_64                                 2.0.31-3.el8                                               @baseos                
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           @appstream             
PackageKit-Qt5.x86_64                                1.0.2-4.el8                                                @epel                  
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           @appstream             
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           @appstream             
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           @appstream             
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           @appstream             
R.x86_64                                             4.4.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
R-RInside.x86_64                                     0.2.18-7.el8                                               @epel                  
R-RInside-devel.x86_64                               0.2.18-7.el8                                               @epel                  
R-RInside-examples.x86_64                            0.2.18-7.el8                                               @epel                  
R-RUnit.noarch                                       0.4.32-6.el8                                               @epel                  
R-Rcpp.x86_64                                        1.0.12-4.el8                                               @epel                  
R-Rcpp-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.12-4.el8                                               @epel                  
R-Rcpp-examples.x86_64                               1.0.12-4.el8                                               @epel                  
R-core.x86_64                                        4.4.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
R-core-devel.x86_64                                  4.4.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
R-devel.x86_64                                       4.4.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
R-highlight.x86_64                                   0.5.1-7.el8                                                @epel                  
R-inline.noarch                                      0.3.19-12.el8                                              @epel                  
R-java.x86_64                                        4.4.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
R-java-devel.x86_64                                  4.4.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
R-littler.x86_64                                     0.3.19-4.el8                                               @epel                  
R-littler-examples.x86_64                            0.3.19-4.el8                                               @epel                  
R-qtl.x86_64                                         1.66-4.el8                                                 @epel                  
R-rlecuyer.x86_64                                    0.3.5-18.el8                                               @epel                  
R-rpm-macros.noarch                                  1.1.0-2.el8                                                @epel                  
SDL.x86_64                                           1.2.15-39.el8                                              @appstream             
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.0.10-2.el8                                               @powertools            
SuperLU.x86_64                                       5.2.0-7.el8                                                @powertools            
TaniumClient.x86_64                                  7.6.2.1247-1.rhe6                                          @@commandline          
Thunar.x86_64                                        4.16.8-1.el8                                               @epel                  
VirtualGL.x86_64                                     3.1-20230315                                               @VirtualGL             
Xaw3d.x86_64                                         1.6.2-14.el8                                               @appstream             
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.001-2.el8                                                @baseos                
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.0.25-6.el8                                               @appstream             
abrt.x86_64                                          2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-addon-coredump-helper.x86_64                    2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-cli-ng.x86_64                                   2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
abrt-tui.x86_64                                      2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
accounts-qml-module.x86_64                           0.7-7.el8                                                  @epel                  
accountsservice.x86_64                               0.6.55-4.el8                                               @appstream             
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          0.6.55-4.el8                                               @appstream             
ack.noarch                                           3.0.3-1.el8                                                @epel                  
acl.x86_64                                           2.2.53-1.el8.1                                             @baseos                
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.2-1.el8                                                @baseos                
adcli-doc.noarch                                     0.9.2-1.el8                                                @baseos                
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20171205-3.el8                                             @appstream             
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20171205-3.el8                                             @appstream             
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20180407-1.el8                                             @appstream             
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          3.28.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.22.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            3.28.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                   1.2.1-4.el8                                                @appstream             
aide.x86_64                                          0.16-14.el8_5.1                                            @appstream             
akonadi-import-wizard.x86_64                         21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
akregator.x86_64                                     21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
akregator-libs.x86_64                                21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.8-2.el8                                                @appstream             
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                       1.1.9-1.el8                                                @appstream             
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2.2.4-2.el8                                                @baseos                
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.8-2.el8                                                @appstream             
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.8-1.el8                                                @appstream             
amanda.x86_64                                        3.5.1-13.el8                                               @appstream             
amanda-client.x86_64                                 3.5.1-13.el8                                               @appstream             
amanda-libs.x86_64                                   3.5.1-13.el8                                               @appstream             
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                @appstream             
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                @appstream             
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                @appstream             
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            1:8.8.3-1.el8.rocky.0.3                                    @appstream             
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                @appstream             
annobin.x86_64                                       10.94-1.el8                                                @appstream             
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-8.2.el8                                                  @epel                  
ant.noarch                                           1.10.5-1.module+el8.3.0+255+2b2dd360                       @appstream             
ant-lib.noarch                                       1.10.5-1.module+el8.3.0+255+2b2dd360                       @appstream             
aopalliance.noarch                                   1.0-17.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         @appstream             
apache-commons-codec.noarch                          1.11-3.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         @appstream             
apache-commons-logging.noarch                        1.2-13.module+el8.3.0+133+b8b54b58                         @appstream             
appstream.x86_64                                     0.12.9-4.el8                                               @epel                  
appstream-data.noarch                                8-20200724.el8                                             @appstream             
appstream-qt.x86_64                                  0.12.9-4.el8                                               @epel                  
apr.x86_64                                           1.6.3-12.el8                                               @appstream             
apr-devel.x86_64                                     1.6.3-12.el8                                               @appstream             
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            @appstream             
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                  1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            @appstream             
apr-util-devel.x86_64                                1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            @appstream             
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            @appstream             
armadillo.x86_64                                     10.8.2-1.el8                                               @epel                  
arpack.x86_64                                        3.7.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
arpwatch.x86_64                                      14:2.1a15-44.el8                                           @baseos                
asciidoc.noarch                                      8.6.10-0.5.20180627gitf7c2274.el8                          @appstream             
aspell.x86_64                                        12:0.60.6.1-22.el8                                         @appstream             
aspell-en.x86_64                                     50:2017.08.24-2.el8                                        @appstream             
aspnetcore-runtime-3.0.x86_64                        3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        @appstream             
aspnetcore-runtime-3.1.x86_64                        3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             @appstream             
aspnetcore-runtime-5.0.x86_64                        5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             @appstream             
aspnetcore-runtime-6.0.x86_64                        6.0.18-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
aspnetcore-runtime-7.0.x86_64                        7.0.7-1.el8_8                                              @appstream             
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-3.0.x86_64                 3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        @appstream             
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-3.1.x86_64                 3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             @appstream             
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-5.0.x86_64                 5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             @appstream             
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-6.0.x86_64                 6.0.18-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                 7.0.7-1.el8_8                                              @appstream             
at.x86_64                                            3.1.20-12.el8                                              @baseos                
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.26.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                             2.26.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.28.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                            2.28.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
atinject.noarch                                      1-28.20100611svn86.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3             @appstream             
atk.x86_64                                           2.28.1-1.el8                                               @appstream             
atk-devel.x86_64                                     2.28.1-1.el8                                               @appstream             
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.24.2-7.el8                                               @appstream             
atlas.x86_64                                         3.10.3-8.el8.1                                             @baseos                
atlas-corei2.x86_64                                  3.10.3-8.el8.1                                             @baseos                
atlas-corei2-devel.x86_64                            3.10.3-8.el8.1                                             @baseos                
atlas-devel.x86_64                                   3.10.3-8.el8.1                                             @baseos                
atop.x86_64                                          2.7.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
attr.x86_64                                          2.4.48-3.el8                                               @baseos                
audispd-plugins.x86_64                               3.0.7-4.el8                                                @baseos                
audit.x86_64                                         3.0.7-4.el8                                                @baseos                
audit-libs.x86_64                                    3.0.7-4.el8                                                @baseos                
audit-libs-devel.x86_64                              3.0.7-4.el8                                                @baseos                
augeas.x86_64                                        1.12.0-8.el8                                               @baseos                
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.12.0-8.el8                                               @baseos                
authselect.x86_64                                    1.2.6-1.el8                                                @baseos                
authselect-compat.x86_64                             1.2.6-1.el8                                                @appstream             
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.2.6-1.el8                                                @baseos                
autoconf.noarch                                      2.69-29.el8                                                @appstream             
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           @appstream             
autofs.x86_64                                        1:5.1.4-102.el8_8.2                                        @baseos                
autogen-libopts.x86_64                               5.18.12-8.el8.1                                            @appstream             
automake.noarch                                      1.16.1-7.el8                                               @appstream             
avahi.x86_64                                         0.7-20.el8                                                 @baseos                
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.7-20.el8                                                 @baseos                
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.7-20.el8                                                 @baseos                
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.7-20.el8                                                 @baseos                
avahi-ui-gtk3.x86_64                                 0.7-20.el8                                                 @appstream             
awesome-vim-colorschemes.noarch                      0-15.20220504git9f96bbd.14.el8                             @epel                  
babel.noarch                                         2.5.1-10.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.52-1.el8                                               @appstream             
baloo-widgets.x86_64                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
baobab.x86_64                                        3.28.0-4.el8                                               @appstream             
basesystem.noarch                                    11-5.el8                                                   @baseos                
bash.x86_64                                          4.4.20-4.el8_6                                             @baseos                
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.7-5.el8                                                @baseos                
bash-doc.x86_64                                      4.4.20-4.el8_6                                             @baseos                
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-5.el8                                               @baseos                
bcc.x86_64                                           0.25.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
bcc-tools.x86_64                                     0.25.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
bind-export-libs.x86_64                              32:9.11.36-8.el8                                           @baseos                
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.11.36-8.el8                                           @appstream             
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                                32:9.11.36-8.el8                                           @appstream             
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.11.36-8.el8                                           @appstream             
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.11.36-8.el8                                           @appstream             
binutils.x86_64                                      2.30-119.el8                                               @baseos                
binutils-devel.x86_64                                2.30-119.el8                                               @appstream             
biosdevname.x86_64                                   0.7.3-2.el8                                                @baseos                
bison.x86_64                                         3.0.4-10.el8                                               @appstream             
bison-runtime.x86_64                                 3.0.4-10.el8                                               @appstream             
bitmap-console-fonts.noarch                          0.3-28.el8                                                 @appstream             
bitmap-fangsongti-fonts.noarch                       0.3-28.el8                                                 @appstream             
bitmap-fixed-fonts.noarch                            0.3-28.el8                                                 @appstream             
bitmap-fonts-compat.noarch                           0.3-28.el8                                                 @appstream             
bitmap-lucida-typewriter-fonts.noarch                0.3-28.el8                                                 @appstream             
blas.x86_64                                          3.8.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
blas-devel.x86_64                                    3.8.0-8.el8                                                @powertools            
blas64.x86_64                                        3.8.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.6.0-4.el8                                              @appstream             
blktrace.x86_64                                      1.2.0-10.el8                                               @baseos                
bluedevil.x86_64                                     5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
bluez.x86_64                                         5.63-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.63-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.63-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
boost.x86_64                                         1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-container.x86_64                               1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-context.x86_64                                 1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-coroutine.x86_64                               1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-devel.x86_64                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-fiber.x86_64                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-graph.x86_64                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-log.x86_64                                     1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-math.x86_64                                    1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-program-options.x86_64                         1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-random.x86_64                                  1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-serialization.x86_64                           1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-signals.x86_64                                 1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-stacktrace.x86_64                              1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-test.x86_64                                    1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-timer.x86_64                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-type_erasure.x86_64                            1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost-wave.x86_64                                    1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream             
boost169-atomic.x86_64                               1.69.0-5.el8                                               @epel                  
boost169-chrono.x86_64                               1.69.0-5.el8                                               @epel                  
boost169-date-time.x86_64                            1.69.0-5.el8                                               @epel                  
boost169-filesystem.x86_64                           1.69.0-5.el8                                               @epel                  
boost169-iostreams.x86_64                            1.69.0-5.el8                                               @epel                  
boost169-log.x86_64                                  1.69.0-5.el8                                               @epel                  
boost169-program-options.x86_64                      1.69.0-5.el8                                               @epel                  
boost169-regex.x86_64                                1.69.0-5.el8                                               @epel                  
boost169-system.x86_64                               1.69.0-5.el8                                               @epel                  
boost169-thread.x86_64                               1.69.0-5.el8                                               @epel                  
bpftool.x86_64                                       4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
bpftrace.x86_64                                      0.16.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-algeti-fonts.noarch                              2.005-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-chveulebrivi-fonts.noarch                        3.002-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-courier-fonts.noarch                             4.002-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-courier-s-fonts.noarch                           4.000-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-elite-fonts.noarch                               3.000-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-excelsior-fonts.noarch                           2.03-11.el8                                                @appstream             
bpg-fonts-common.noarch                              20120413-11.el8                                            @appstream             
bpg-glaho-fonts.noarch                               9.000-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-ingiri-fonts.noarch                              4.000-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-nino-medium-cond-fonts.noarch                    4.005-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-nino-medium-fonts.noarch                         4.005-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-sans-fonts.noarch                                1.005-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-sans-medium-fonts.noarch                         1.005-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-sans-modern-fonts.noarch                         2.025-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-sans-regular-fonts.noarch                        1.005-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-serif-fonts.noarch                               1.005-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpg-serif-modern-fonts.noarch                        2.028-11.el8                                               @appstream             
bpytop.noarch                                        1:1.0.54-3.el8                                             @epel                  
breeze-cursor-theme.noarch                           5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
breeze-gtk-common.noarch                             5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
breeze-gtk-gtk2.noarch                               5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
breeze-gtk-gtk3.noarch                               5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                             5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.6.7-32.el8                                               @appstream             
brltty.x86_64                                        5.6-32.el8                                                 @appstream             
brotli.x86_64                                        1.0.6-3.el8                                                @baseos                
btop.x86_64                                          1.2.13-3.el8                                               @epel                  
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.4.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
buildah.x86_64                                       1:1.29.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                    @appstream             
bwm-ng.x86_64                                        0.6.2-1.el8                                                @epel                  
byacc.x86_64                                         1.9.20170709-4.el8                                         @appstream             
byteman.noarch                                       4.0.4-2.el8                                                @appstream             
byteman-javadoc.noarch                               4.0.4-2.el8                                                @appstream             
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.6-26.el8                                               @baseos                
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.6-26.el8                                               @baseos                
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.6-26.el8                                               @baseos                
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.13.0-6.el8_8.2                                           @baseos                
c-ares-devel.x86_64                                  1.13.0-6.el8_8.2                                           @baseos                
ca-certificates.noarch                               2022.2.54-80.2.el8_6                                       @baseos                
cachefilesd.x86_64                                   0.10.10-4.el8                                              @baseos                
cairo.x86_64                                         1.15.12-6.el8                                              @appstream             
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.15.12-6.el8                                              @appstream             
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.15.12-6.el8                                              @appstream             
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                           1.15.12-6.el8                                              @appstream             
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.12.0-8.el8                                               @appstream             
cargo.x86_64                                         1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
cdi-api.noarch                                       1.2-8.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                          @appstream             
celt051.x86_64                                       0.5.1.3-15.el8                                             @appstream             
centos-obsolete-packages.noarch                      8-4                                                        @BaseOS                
certmonger.x86_64                                    0.79.17-2.el8                                              @appstream             
cfitsio.x86_64                                       3.47-1.el8                                                 @epel                  
cgdcbxd.x86_64                                       1.0.2-9.el8                                                @appstream             
chan.x86_64                                          0.0.4-3.el8                                                @appstream             
check.x86_64                                         0.12.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
check-devel.x86_64                                   0.12.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   2.9-1.el8                                                  @baseos                
cheese.x86_64                                        2:3.28.0-4.el8_6                                           @appstream             
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:3.28.0-4.el8_6                                           @appstream             
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.19.1-1.el8                                               @baseos                
chrome-gnome-shell.x86_64                            10.1-7.el8                                                 @appstream             
chrony.x86_64                                        4.2-1.el8.rocky.1.0                                        @baseos                
chrpath.x86_64                                       0.16-7.el8                                                 @baseos                
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-1.el8                                                  @baseos                
cim-schema.noarch                                    2.43.0-8.el8                                               @appstream             
clang.x86_64                                         15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
clang-analyzer.noarch                                15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
clang-devel.x86_64                                   15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
clang-libs.x86_64                                    15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                     15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                             15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         39-2.el8                                                   @appstream             
clevis.x86_64                                        15-14.el8                                                  @appstream             
clevis-luks.x86_64                                   15-14.el8                                                  @appstream             
clippy.x86_64                                        1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.el8                         @appstream             
clustershell.noarch                                  1.9.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.2-8.el8                                               @appstream             
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.26-1.el8                                               @appstream             
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-3.el8                                                @appstream             
cmake.x86_64                                         3.20.2-5.el8                                               @appstream             
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.20.2-5.el8                                               @appstream             
cmake-doc.noarch                                     3.20.2-5.el8                                               @appstream             
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.20.2-5.el8                                               @appstream             
cmake-gui.x86_64                                     3.20.2-5.el8                                               @appstream             
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.20.2-5.el8                                               @appstream             
cockpit.x86_64                                       286.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                                286.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
cockpit-doc.noarch                                   286.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
cockpit-packagekit.noarch                            286.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
cockpit-podman.noarch                                63.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                        @appstream             
cockpit-storaged.noarch                              286.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
cockpit-system.noarch                                286.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
cockpit-ws.x86_64                                    286.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.2-10.el8                                              @appstream             
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-20.el8                                                   @appstream             
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.el8                                                @appstream             
colord-gtk.x86_64                                    0.1.26-8.el8                                               @appstream             
colord-kde.x86_64                                    0.5.0-16.el8                                               @epel                  
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.2-1.el8                                                @appstream             
compat-exiv2-026.x86_64                              0.26-7.el8                                                 @appstream             
compat-hwloc1.x86_64                                 2.2.0-3.el8                                                @baseos                
compat-libgfortran-48.x86_64                         4.8.5-36.1.el8                                             @appstream             
compat-libpthread-nonshared.x86_64                   2.28-225.el8                                               @appstream             
compat-libtiff3.x86_64                               3.9.4-13.el8                                               @appstream             
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                               5.1.5-15.el8                                               @epel                  
compat-openssl10.x86_64                              1:1.0.2o-4.el8_6                                           @appstream             
compiler-rt.x86_64                                   15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
conmon.x86_64                                        3:2.1.6-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                     @appstream             
container-exception-logger.x86_64                    1.0.2-3.el8                                                @appstream             
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.205.0-2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                   @appstream             
containernetworking-plugins.x86_64                   1:1.2.0-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                     @appstream             
containers-common.x86_64                             2:1-64.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                        @appstream             
convmv.noarch                                        2.01-3.el8                                                 @appstream             
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.0-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
coreutils.x86_64                                     8.30-15.el8                                                @baseos                
coreutils-common.x86_64                              8.30-15.el8                                                @baseos                
cpio.x86_64                                          2.12-11.el8                                                @baseos                
cpp.x86_64                                           8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
cpuid.x86_64                                         20230614-3.el8                                             @epel                  
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.6-15.el8                                               @baseos                
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.6-15.el8                                               @baseos                
crash.x86_64                                         7.3.2-4.el8                                                @appstream             
crash-gcore-command.x86_64                           1.6.3-3.el8                                                @appstream             
crash-ptdump-command.x86_64                          1.0.7-2.el8                                                @appstream             
crash-trace-command.x86_64                           3.0-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
crda.noarch                                          3.18_2020.04.29-1.el8                                      @baseos                
createrepo_c.x86_64                                  0.17.7-6.el8                                               @appstream             
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                             0.17.7-6.el8                                               @appstream             
criu.x86_64                                          3.15-4.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                        @appstream             
criu-libs.x86_64                                     3.15-4.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                        @appstream             
cronie.x86_64                                        1.5.2-8.el8                                                @baseos                
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.5.2-8.el8                                                @baseos                
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11-17.20190603git.el8                                    @baseos                
crun.x86_64                                          1.8.4-2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                       @appstream             
crypto-policies.noarch                               20221215-1.gitece0092.el8                                  @baseos                
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20221215-1.gitece0092.el8                                  @baseos                
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.3.7-5.el8                                                @baseos                
cryptsetup-devel.x86_64                              2.3.7-5.el8                                                @appstream             
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.3.7-5.el8                                                @baseos                
cryptsetup-reencrypt.x86_64                          2.3.7-5.el8                                                @baseos                
cscope.x86_64                                        15.9-17.el8                                                @appstream             
ctags.x86_64                                         5.8-23.el8                                                 @appstream             
cuda.x86_64                                          12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-11-5.x86_64                                     11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-11-6.x86_64                                     11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-12-2.x86_64                                     12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-12-3.x86_64                                     12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-cccl-11-5.x86_64                                11.5.62-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-cccl-11-6.x86_64                                11.6.55-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-cccl-12-2.x86_64                                12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cccl-12-3.x86_64                                12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-command-line-tools-11-5.x86_64                  11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-command-line-tools-11-6.x86_64                  11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-command-line-tools-12-2.x86_64                  12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-command-line-tools-12-3.x86_64                  12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-compiler-11-5.x86_64                            11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-compiler-11-6.x86_64                            11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-compiler-12-2.x86_64                            12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-compiler-12-3.x86_64                            12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-crt-12-2.x86_64                                 12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-crt-12-3.x86_64                                 12.3.107-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cudart-11-5.x86_64                              11.5.117-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cudart-11-6.x86_64                              11.6.55-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-cudart-12-2.x86_64                              12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cudart-12-3.x86_64                              12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cudart-devel-11-5.x86_64                        11.5.117-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cudart-devel-11-6.x86_64                        11.6.55-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-cudart-devel-12-2.x86_64                        12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cudart-devel-12-3.x86_64                        12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cuobjdump-11-5.x86_64                           11.5.119-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cuobjdump-11-6.x86_64                           11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cuobjdump-12-2.x86_64                           12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cuobjdump-12-3.x86_64                           12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cupti-11-5.x86_64                               11.5.114-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cupti-11-6.x86_64                               11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cupti-12-2.x86_64                               12.2.142-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cupti-12-3.x86_64                               12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cuxxfilt-11-5.x86_64                            11.5.119-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cuxxfilt-11-6.x86_64                            11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cuxxfilt-12-2.x86_64                            12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-cuxxfilt-12-3.x86_64                            12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-demo-suite-11-5.x86_64                          11.5.50-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-demo-suite-11-6.x86_64                          11.6.55-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-demo-suite-12-2.x86_64                          12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-demo-suite-12-3.x86_64                          12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-documentation-11-5.x86_64                       11.5.114-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-documentation-11-6.x86_64                       11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-documentation-12-2.x86_64                       12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-documentation-12-3.x86_64                       12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-driver-devel-11-5.x86_64                        11.5.117-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-driver-devel-11-6.x86_64                        11.6.55-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-driver-devel-12-2.x86_64                        12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-driver-devel-12-3.x86_64                        12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-drivers.x86_64                                  550.54.14-1                                                @cuda                  
cuda-gdb-11-5.x86_64                                 11.5.114-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-gdb-11-6.x86_64                                 11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-gdb-12-2.x86_64                                 12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-gdb-12-3.x86_64                                 12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-libraries-11-5.x86_64                           11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-libraries-11-6.x86_64                           11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-libraries-12-2.x86_64                           12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-libraries-12-3.x86_64                           12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-libraries-devel-11-5.x86_64                     11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-libraries-devel-11-6.x86_64                     11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-libraries-devel-12-2.x86_64                     12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-libraries-devel-12-3.x86_64                     12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-memcheck-11-5.x86_64                            11.5.114-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-memcheck-11-6.x86_64                            11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-11-5.x86_64                              11.5.114-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-11-6.x86_64                              11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-12-2.x86_64                              12.2.144-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-12-3.x86_64                              12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-compute-11-5.x86_64                      11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-compute-11-6.x86_64                      11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-compute-12-2.x86_64                      12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-compute-12-3.x86_64                      12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-systems-11-5.x86_64                      11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-systems-11-6.x86_64                      11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-systems-12-2.x86_64                      12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-nsight-systems-12-3.x86_64                      12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-nvcc-11-5.x86_64                                11.5.119-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvcc-11-6.x86_64                                11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvcc-12-2.x86_64                                12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvcc-12-3.x86_64                                12.3.107-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvdisasm-11-5.x86_64                            11.5.119-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvdisasm-11-6.x86_64                            11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvdisasm-12-2.x86_64                            12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvdisasm-12-3.x86_64                            12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvml-devel-11-5.x86_64                          11.5.50-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-nvml-devel-11-6.x86_64                          11.6.55-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-nvml-devel-12-2.x86_64                          12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvml-devel-12-3.x86_64                          12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvprof-11-5.x86_64                              11.5.114-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvprof-11-6.x86_64                              11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvprof-12-2.x86_64                              12.2.142-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvprof-12-3.x86_64                              12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvprune-11-5.x86_64                             11.5.119-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvprune-11-6.x86_64                             11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvprune-12-2.x86_64                             12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvprune-12-3.x86_64                             12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvrtc-11-5.x86_64                               11.5.119-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvrtc-11-6.x86_64                               11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvrtc-12-2.x86_64                               12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvrtc-12-3.x86_64                               12.3.107-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvrtc-devel-11-5.x86_64                         11.5.119-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvrtc-devel-11-6.x86_64                         11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvrtc-devel-12-2.x86_64                         12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvrtc-devel-12-3.x86_64                         12.3.107-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvtx-11-5.x86_64                                11.5.114-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvtx-11-6.x86_64                                11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvtx-12-2.x86_64                                12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvtx-12-3.x86_64                                12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvvm-12-2.x86_64                                12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvvm-12-3.x86_64                                12.3.107-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvvp-11-5.x86_64                                11.5.126-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvvp-11-6.x86_64                                11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvvp-12-2.x86_64                                12.2.142-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-nvvp-12-3.x86_64                                12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-opencl-12-2.x86_64                              12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-opencl-12-3.x86_64                              12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-opencl-devel-12-2.x86_64                        12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-opencl-devel-12-3.x86_64                        12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-profiler-api-12-2.x86_64                        12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-profiler-api-12-3.x86_64                        12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-runtime-11-5.x86_64                             11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-runtime-11-6.x86_64                             11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-runtime-12-2.x86_64                             12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-runtime-12-3.x86_64                             12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-samples-11-5.x86_64                             11.5.56-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-samples-11-6.x86_64                             11.6.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-sanitizer-11-5.x86_64                           11.5.114-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-sanitizer-11-6.x86_64                           11.6.124-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-sanitizer-12-2.x86_64                           12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-sanitizer-12-3.x86_64                           12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-11-5.x86_64                             11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-11-5-config-common.noarch               11.5.117-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-11-6.x86_64                             11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-11-6-config-common.noarch               11.6.55-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-11-config-common.noarch                 11.8.89-1                                                  @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-12-2.x86_64                             12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-12-2-config-common.noarch               12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-12-3.x86_64                             12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-12-3-config-common.noarch               12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-12-config-common.noarch                 12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-toolkit-config-common.noarch                    12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
cuda-tools-11-5.x86_64                               11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-tools-11-6.x86_64                               11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-tools-12-2.x86_64                               12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-tools-12-3.x86_64                               12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-visual-tools-11-5.x86_64                        11.5.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-visual-tools-11-6.x86_64                        11.6.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-visual-tools-12-2.x86_64                        12.2.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
cuda-visual-tools-12-3.x86_64                        12.3.2-1                                                   @cuda                  
culmus-aharoni-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-caladings-clm-fonts.noarch                    0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-david-clm-fonts.noarch                        0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-drugulin-clm-fonts.noarch                     0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-ellinia-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-fonts-common.noarch                           0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-frank-ruehl-clm-fonts.noarch                  0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-hadasim-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-miriam-clm-fonts.noarch                       0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-miriam-mono-clm-fonts.noarch                  0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-nachlieli-clm-fonts.noarch                    0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-simple-clm-fonts.noarch                       0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-stamashkenaz-clm-fonts.noarch                 0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-stamsefarad-clm-fonts.noarch                  0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
culmus-yehuda-clm-fonts.noarch                       0.130-12.el8                                               @appstream             
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.2.6-51.el8                                             @appstream             
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.2.6-51.el8                                             @appstream             
cups-devel.x86_64                                    1:2.2.6-51.el8                                             @appstream             
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.2.6-51.el8                                             @appstream             
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1.20.0-29.el8_8.2                                          @appstream             
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                             1.20.0-29.el8_8.2                                          @appstream             
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.2.6-51.el8                                             @appstream             
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.2.6-51.el8                                             @baseos                
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.6-5.el8                                                @appstream             
curl.x86_64                                          7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                                          @baseos                
cvs.x86_64                                           1.11.23-52.el8                                             @epel                  
cyrus-imapd.x86_64                                   3.0.7-24.el8                                               @appstream             
cyrus-imapd-utils.x86_64                             3.0.7-24.el8                                               @appstream             
cyrus-imapd-vzic.x86_64                              3.0.7-24.el8                                               @appstream             
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @baseos                
cyrus-sasl-devel.x86_64                              2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @baseos                
cyrus-sasl-gs2.x86_64                                2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @baseos                
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @baseos                
cyrus-sasl-ldap.x86_64                               2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @baseos                
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @baseos                
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                                2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @baseos                
cyrus-sasl-ntlm.x86_64                               2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @baseos                
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @baseos                
cyrus-sasl-scram.x86_64                              2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @baseos                
datacenter-gpu-manager.x86_64                        1:3.3.5-1                                                  @cuda                  
daxctl.x86_64                                        71.1-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
daxctl-devel.x86_64                                  71.1-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   71.1-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.12.8-24.el8                                            @baseos                
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.12.8-24.el8                                            @baseos                
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.12.8-24.el8                                            @baseos                
dbus-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.12.8-24.el8                                            @appstream             
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.110-2.el8                                                @baseos                
dbus-glib-devel.x86_64                               0.110-2.el8                                                @appstream             
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.12.8-24.el8                                            @baseos                
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.12.8-24.el8                                            @baseos                
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.12.8-24.el8                                            @appstream             
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                  0.9.3-0.20.20160218.el8.1                                  @epel                  
dconf.x86_64                                         0.28.0-4.el8                                               @appstream             
dconf-editor.x86_64                                  3.28.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
dcraw.x86_64                                         9.27.0-9.el8                                               @appstream             
dejavu-fonts-common.noarch                           2.35-7.el8                                                 @baseos                
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.35-7.el8                                                 @baseos                
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                        2.35-7.el8                                                 @baseos                
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                            2.35-7.el8                                                 @baseos                
delve.x86_64                                         1.9.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1263+19d1a562                       @appstream             
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                    31.0.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
devhelp.x86_64                                       1:3.28.1-5.el8                                             @appstream             
devhelp-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.28.1-5.el8                                             @appstream             
device-mapper.x86_64                                 8:1.02.181-9.el8                                           @baseos                
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           8:1.02.181-9.el8                                           @baseos                
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      8:1.02.181-9.el8                                           @baseos                
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            8:1.02.181-9.el8                                           @baseos                
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                       0.8.4-37.el8                                               @baseos                
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.8.4-37.el8                                               @baseos                
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 0.9.0-7.el8                                                @baseos                
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.3.6-49.el8                                            @baseos                
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.3.6-49.el8                                            @baseos                
dhcp-libs.x86_64                                     12:4.3.6-49.el8                                            @baseos                
dialog.x86_64                                        1.3-13.20171209.el8                                        @appstream             
diffstat.x86_64                                      1.61-7.el8                                                 @appstream             
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.6-6.el8                                                  @baseos                
dirsplit.x86_64                                      1.1.11-39.el8                                              @appstream             
dkms.noarch                                          3.0.11-1.el8                                               @epel                  
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                         0.3.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
dleyna-core.x86_64                                   0.6.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                               0.6.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
dleyna-server.x86_64                                 0.6.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
dlm-lib.x86_64                                       4.1.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
dmenu.x86_64                                         5.1-1.el8                                                  @epel                  
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.3-4.el8                                                @baseos                
dnf.noarch                                           4.7.0-16.el8_8                                             @baseos                
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.7.0-16.el8_8                                             @baseos                
dnf-plugin-nvidia.noarch                             2.0-1.el8                                                  @cuda                  
dnf-plugin-spacewalk.noarch                          2.8.5-11.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                       @appstream             
dnf-plugin-subscription-manager.x86_64               1.28.36-2.el8                                              @baseos                
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            @baseos                
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.79-26.el8                                                @appstream             
dnsmasq-utils.x86_64                                 2.79-26.el8                                                @appstream             
docbook-dtds.noarch                                  1.0-69.el8                                                 @appstream             
docbook-style-dsssl.noarch                           1.79-25.el8                                                @powertools            
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                             1.79.2-9.el8                                               @appstream             
docbook-utils.noarch                                 0.6.14-44.el8                                              @powertools            
dolphin.x86_64                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
dolphin-libs.x86_64                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
dolphin-plugins.x86_64                               22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.4.0-3.el8                                                @baseos                
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.1-6.el8                                                  @baseos                
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-18.el8                                                 @appstream             
dotnet.x86_64                                        7.0.107-1.el8_8                                            @appstream             
dotnet-apphost-pack-3.0.x86_64                       3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        @appstream             
dotnet-apphost-pack-3.1.x86_64                       3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             @appstream             
dotnet-apphost-pack-5.0.x86_64                       5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             @appstream             
dotnet-apphost-pack-6.0.x86_64                       6.0.18-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
dotnet-apphost-pack-7.0.x86_64                       7.0.7-1.el8_8                                              @appstream             
dotnet-host.x86_64                                   7.0.7-1.el8_8                                              @appstream             
dotnet-host-fxr-2.1.x86_64                           2.1.30-1.el8_4.rocky                                       @appstream             
dotnet-hostfxr-3.0.x86_64                            3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        @appstream             
dotnet-hostfxr-3.1.x86_64                            3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             @appstream             
dotnet-hostfxr-5.0.x86_64                            5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             @appstream             
dotnet-hostfxr-6.0.x86_64                            6.0.18-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
dotnet-hostfxr-7.0.x86_64                            7.0.7-1.el8_8                                              @appstream             
dotnet-runtime-2.1.x86_64                            2.1.30-1.el8_4.rocky                                       @appstream             
dotnet-runtime-3.0.x86_64                            3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        @appstream             
dotnet-runtime-3.1.x86_64                            3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             @appstream             
dotnet-runtime-5.0.x86_64                            5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             @appstream             
dotnet-runtime-6.0.x86_64                            6.0.18-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
dotnet-runtime-7.0.x86_64                            7.0.7-1.el8_8                                              @appstream             
dotnet-sdk-2.1.x86_64                                2.1.526-1.el8_4.rocky                                      @appstream             
dotnet-sdk-2.1.5xx.x86_64                            2.1.526-1.el8_4.rocky                                      @appstream             
dotnet-sdk-3.0.x86_64                                3.0.103-1.el8_1.rocky                                      @appstream             
dotnet-sdk-3.1.x86_64                                3.1.426-1.el8_7                                            @appstream             
dotnet-sdk-5.0.x86_64                                5.0.214-1.el8_6                                            @appstream             
dotnet-sdk-6.0.x86_64                                6.0.118-1.el8_8                                            @appstream             
dotnet-sdk-7.0.x86_64                                7.0.107-1.el8_8                                            @appstream             
dotnet-targeting-pack-3.0.x86_64                     3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        @appstream             
dotnet-targeting-pack-3.1.x86_64                     3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             @appstream             
dotnet-targeting-pack-5.0.x86_64                     5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             @appstream             
dotnet-targeting-pack-6.0.x86_64                     6.0.18-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
dotnet-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                     7.0.7-1.el8_8                                              @appstream             
dotnet-templates-3.0.x86_64                          3.0.103-1.el8_1.rocky                                      @appstream             
dotnet-templates-3.1.x86_64                          3.1.426-1.el8_7                                            @appstream             
dotnet-templates-5.0.x86_64                          5.0.214-1.el8_6                                            @appstream             
dotnet-templates-6.0.x86_64                          6.0.118-1.el8_8                                            @appstream             
dotnet-templates-7.0.x86_64                          7.0.107-1.el8_8                                            @appstream             
dovecot.x86_64                                       1:2.3.16-3.el8                                             @appstream             
dovecot-pigeonhole.x86_64                            1:2.3.16-3.el8                                             @appstream             
dracut.x86_64                                        049-223.git20230119.el8                                    @baseos                
dracut-config-generic.x86_64                         049-223.git20230119.el8                                    @baseos                
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          049-223.git20230119.el8                                    @baseos                
dracut-network.x86_64                                049-223.git20230119.el8                                    @baseos                
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 049-223.git20230119.el8                                    @baseos                
dracut-tools.x86_64                                  049-223.git20230119.el8                                    @baseos                
dropwatch.x86_64                                     1.5-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
drpm.x86_64                                          0.4.1-3.el8                                                @appstream             
dump.x86_64                                          1:0.4-0.36.b46.el8                                         @baseos                
dwz.x86_64                                           0.12-10.el8                                                @appstream             
dyninst.x86_64                                       12.1.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.45.6-5.el8                                               @baseos                
e2fsprogs-devel.x86_64                               1.45.6-5.el8                                               @baseos                
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.45.6-5.el8                                               @baseos                
ed.x86_64                                            1.14.2-4.el8                                               @baseos                
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20220126gitbb1bba3d77-4.el8                                @appstream             
efi-filesystem.noarch                                3-3.el8                                                    @baseos                
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               3-3.el8                                                    @appstream             
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    16-1.el8                                                   @baseos                
efivar.x86_64                                        37-4.el8                                                   @baseos                
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   37-4.el8                                                   @baseos                
egl-utils.x86_64                                     8.4.0-5.20181118git1830dcb.el8                             @appstream             
egl-wayland.x86_64                                   1.1.9-3.el8                                                @appstream             
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos                
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos                
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64              0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos                
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos                
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos                
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos                
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos                
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos                
elinks.x86_64                                        0.12-0.58.pre6.el8                                         @powertools            
elrepo-release.noarch                                8.3-1.el8.elrepo                                           @elrepo                
emacs.x86_64                                         1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          @appstream             
emacs-common.x86_64                                  1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          @appstream             
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          @baseos                
emacs-lucid.x86_64                                   1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          @appstream             
emacs-nox.x86_64                                     1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          @appstream             
emacs-terminal.noarch                                1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          @appstream             
enchant.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-21.el8                                             @appstream             
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.2.3-3.el8                                                @appstream             
enscript.x86_64                                      1.6.6-17.el8                                               @appstream             
environment-modules.x86_64                           4.5.2-3.el8                                                @baseos                
eog.x86_64                                           3.28.4-1.el8                                               @appstream             
epel-release.noarch                                  8-19.el8                                                   @epel                  
epel-rpm-macros.noarch                               8-39                                                       @epel                  
epel-rpm-macros-systemd.noarch                       8-39                                                       @epel                  
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.49.2-4.el8                                               @appstream             
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:5.13-2.el8                                               @baseos                
evemu.x86_64                                         2.7.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
evemu-libs.x86_64                                    2.7.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
evince.x86_64                                        3.28.4-16.el8                                              @appstream             
evince-browser-plugin.x86_64                         3.28.4-16.el8                                              @appstream             
evince-libs.x86_64                                   3.28.4-16.el8                                              @appstream             
evince-nautilus.x86_64                               3.28.4-16.el8                                              @appstream             
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.28.5-20.el8                                              @appstream             
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.28.5-20.el8                                              @appstream             
exempi.x86_64                                        2.4.5-2.el8                                                @appstream             
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.5-2.el8                                               @appstream             
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.5-2.el8                                               @appstream             
exo.x86_64                                           4.16.2-1.el8                                               @epel                  
expat.x86_64                                         2.2.5-11.el8                                               @baseos                
expat-devel.x86_64                                   2.2.5-11.el8                                               @baseos                
expect.x86_64                                        5.45.4-5.el8                                               @baseos                
extra-cmake-modules.noarch                           5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
f2c.x86_64                                           20190311-2.el8                                             @epel                  
f2c-libs.x86_64                                      20190311-2.el8                                             @epel                  
f31-backgrounds-base.noarch                          31.0.4-1.el8                                               @epel                  
f35-backgrounds-base.noarch                          35.0.1-2.el8                                               @epel                  
f35-backgrounds-kde.noarch                           35.0.1-2.el8                                               @epel                  
f36-backgrounds-base.noarch                          36.1.1-1.el8                                               @epel                  
f36-backgrounds-kde.noarch                           36.1.1-1.el8                                               @epel                  
fabtests.x86_64                                      1.17.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
fail2ban.noarch                                      1.0.2-3.el8                                                @epel                  
fail2ban-firewalld.noarch                            1.0.2-3.el8                                                @epel                  
fail2ban-selinux.noarch                              1.0.2-3.el8                                                @epel                  
fail2ban-sendmail.noarch                             1.0.2-3.el8                                                @epel                  
fail2ban-server.noarch                               1.0.2-3.el8                                                @epel                  
fakeroot.x86_64                                      1.31-1.el8                                                 @epel                  
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                 1.31-1.el8                                                 @epel                  
fapolicyd.x86_64                                     1.1.3-12.el8                                               @appstream             
fapolicyd-selinux.noarch                             1.1.3-12.el8                                               @appstream             
fastx-server.x86_64                                  3.3.55-1604                                                @@commandline          
fcoe-utils.x86_64                                    1.0.33-4.git848bcc6.el8                                    @baseos                
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.9-1.el8                                                @rpmfusion-free-updates
fftw.x86_64                                          3.3.5-11.el8                                               @appstream             
fftw-devel.x86_64                                    3.3.5-11.el8                                               @appstream             
fftw-libs.x86_64                                     3.3.5-11.el8                                               @appstream             
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.5-11.el8                                               @appstream             
fftw-libs-long.x86_64                                3.3.5-11.el8                                               @appstream             
fftw-libs-quad.x86_64                                3.3.5-11.el8                                               @appstream             
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                              3.3.5-11.el8                                               @appstream             
fftw-static.x86_64                                   3.3.5-11.el8                                               @appstream             
fftw2.x86_64                                         2.1.5-40.el8                                               @epel                  
fftw2-devel.x86_64                                   2.1.5-40.el8                                               @epel                  
file.x86_64                                          5.33-24.el8                                                @baseos                
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.33-24.el8                                                @baseos                
file-roller.x86_64                                   3.28.1-4.el8                                               @appstream             
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.8-6.el8                                                  @baseos                
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.6.0-20.el8                                             @baseos                
fio.x86_64                                           3.19-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
fipscheck.x86_64                                     1.5.0-4.el8                                                @baseos                
fipscheck-lib.x86_64                                 1.5.0-4.el8                                                @baseos                
firefox.x86_64                                       102.12.0-1.el8_8                                           @appstream             
firewall-config.noarch                               0.9.3-13.el8                                               @appstream             
firewalld.noarch                                     0.9.3-13.el8                                               @baseos                
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          0.9.3-13.el8                                               @baseos                
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.3.2-9.el8                                                @appstream             
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.10.7-1.el8                                               @appstream             
flatpak-builder.x86_64                               1.0.14-2.el8                                               @appstream             
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.10.7-1.el8                                               @appstream             
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.10.7-1.el8                                               @appstream             
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.10.7-1.el8                                               @appstream             
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.1-9.el8                                                @appstream             
flex-devel.x86_64                                    2.6.1-9.el8                                                @powertools            
fltk.x86_64                                          1.3.4-5.el8                                                @appstream             
flute.noarch                                         1.3.0-18.OOo31.el8                                         @appstream             
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                             4.7.0-4.el8                                                @appstream             
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.13.1-4.el8                                               @baseos                
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.13.1-4.el8                                               @baseos                
fontpackages-filesystem.noarch                       1.44-22.el8                                                @baseos                
fonts-tweak-tool.x86_64                              0.4.5-3.el8                                                @appstream             
fpart.x86_64                                         1.5.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-1.el8                                                  @epel                  
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.90.9-2.el8                                               @appstream             
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.90.9-2.el8                                               @appstream             
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.0.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
freeglut-devel.x86_64                                3.0.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
freeipmi.x86_64                                      1.6.8-1.el8                                                @baseos                
freeipmi-bmc-watchdog.x86_64                         1.6.8-1.el8                                                @baseos                
freeipmi-devel.x86_64                                1.6.8-1.el8                                                @powertools            
freeipmi-ipmidetectd.x86_64                          1.6.8-1.el8                                                @baseos                
freeipmi-ipmiseld.x86_64                             1.6.8-1.el8                                                @baseos                
freerdp.x86_64                                       2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             @appstream             
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             @appstream             
freetype.x86_64                                      2.9.1-9.el8                                                @baseos                
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.9.1-9.el8                                                @baseos                
freexl.x86_64                                        1.0.6-4.el8                                                @epel                  
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                1.6.1-7.el8                                                @appstream             
frei0r-plugins-opencv.x86_64                         1.6.1-7.el8                                                @appstream             
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.4-9.el8                                                @appstream             
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.4-9.el8                                                @appstream             
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-3.el8                                                @appstream             
ftp.x86_64                                           0.17-78.el8                                                @appstream             
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.7-16.el8                                               @baseos                
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.3.0-16.el8                                               @baseos                
fuse-devel.x86_64                                    2.9.7-16.el8                                               @baseos                
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.7-16.el8                                               @baseos                
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.11-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                        @appstream             
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.3.0-16.el8                                               @baseos                
fuse3-devel.x86_64                                   3.3.0-16.el8                                               @baseos                
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.3.0-16.el8                                               @baseos                
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.7.8-1.el8.rocky.0.4                                      @baseos                
fwupdate-libs.x86_64                                 11-3.el8.1.1                                               @baseos                
gamin.x86_64                                         0.1.10-32.el8                                              @baseos                
garcon.x86_64                                        4.16.1-1.el8                                               @epel                  
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-12.el8                                               @appstream             
gawk.x86_64                                          4.2.1-4.el8                                                @baseos                
gc.x86_64                                            7.6.4-3.el8                                                @appstream             
gcc.x86_64                                           8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                  8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
gcc-offload-nvptx.x86_64                             8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
gcc-toolset-12-binutils.x86_64                       2.38-17.el8                                                @appstream             
gcc-toolset-12-binutils-gold.x86_64                  2.38-17.el8                                                @appstream             
gcc-toolset-12-gcc.x86_64                            12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             @appstream             
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-c++.x86_64                        12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             @appstream             
gcc-toolset-12-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             @appstream             
gcc-toolset-12-runtime.x86_64                        12.0-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9.x86_64                                 9.0-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-annobin.x86_64                         9.08-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-binutils.x86_64                        2.32-17.el8_1                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-binutils-devel.x86_64                  2.32-17.el8_1                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-build.x86_64                           9.0-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-dwz.x86_64                             0.12-1.1.el8                                               @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-dyninst.x86_64                         10.1.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils.x86_64                        0.176-5.el8                                                @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-devel.x86_64                  0.176-5.el8                                                @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-libelf.x86_64                 0.176-5.el8                                                @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64           0.176-5.el8                                                @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-libs.x86_64                   0.176-5.el8                                                @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-gcc.x86_64                             9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-gcc-c++.x86_64                         9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                  9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-gcc-gfortran.x86_64                    9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-gdb.x86_64                             8.3-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-gdb-doc.noarch                         8.3-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                   8.3-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-libasan-devel.x86_64                   9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-libatomic-devel.x86_64                 9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-libitm-devel.x86_64                    9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-liblsan-devel.x86_64                   9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-libquadmath-devel.x86_64               9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                 9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-libstdc++-docs.x86_64                  9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-libtsan-devel.x86_64                   9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-libubsan-devel.x86_64                  9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-ltrace.x86_64                          0.7.91-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-make.x86_64                            1:4.2.1-2.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-make-devel.x86_64                      1:4.2.1-2.el8                                              @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-perftools.x86_64                       9.0-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-runtime.x86_64                         9.0-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-strace.x86_64                          5.1-6.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap.x86_64                       4.1-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-client.x86_64                4.1-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-devel.x86_64                 4.1-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-initscript.x86_64            4.1-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-runtime.x86_64               4.1-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64             4.1-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-server.x86_64                4.1-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-toolchain.x86_64                       9.0-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-valgrind.x86_64                        1:3.15.0-9.el8                                             @appstream             
gcc-toolset-9-valgrind-devel.x86_64                  1:3.15.0-9.el8                                             @appstream             
gcr.x86_64                                           3.28.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gcr-devel.x86_64                                     3.28.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gd.x86_64                                            2.2.5-7.el8                                                @appstream             
gd-devel.x86_64                                      2.2.5-7.el8                                                @appstream             
gdal.x86_64                                          3.0.4-11.el8                                               @epel                  
gdal-devel.x86_64                                    3.0.4-11.el8                                               @epel                  
gdal-libs.x86_64                                     3.0.4-11.el8                                               @epel                  
gdb.x86_64                                           8.2-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
gdb-doc.noarch                                       8.2-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                                 8.2-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  8.2-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
gdbm.x86_64                                          1:1.18-2.el8                                               @baseos                
gdbm-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.18-2.el8                                               @baseos                
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.18-2.el8                                               @baseos                
gdisk.x86_64                                         1.0.3-11.el8                                               @baseos                
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.36.12-5.el8                                              @baseos                
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                             2.36.12-5.el8                                              @appstream             
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.36.12-5.el8                                              @appstream             
gdm.x86_64                                           1:40.0-27.el8                                              @appstream             
gds-tools-11-5.x86_64                                1.1.1.25-1                                                 @cuda                  
gds-tools-11-6.x86_64                                1.2.1.4-1                                                  @cuda                  
gds-tools-12-2.x86_64                                1.7.2.10-1                                                 @cuda                  
gds-tools-12-3.x86_64                                1.8.1.2-1                                                  @cuda                  
gedit.x86_64                                         2:3.28.1-3.el8                                             @appstream             
gedit-plugin-bookmarks.x86_64                        3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-bracketcompletion.x86_64                3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-codecomment.x86_64                      3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-colorpicker.x86_64                      3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-colorschemer.x86_64                     3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-commander.x86_64                        3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-drawspaces.x86_64                       3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-findinfiles.x86_64                      3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-joinlines.x86_64                        3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-multiedit.x86_64                        3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-smartspaces.x86_64                      3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-terminal.x86_64                         3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-textsize.x86_64                         3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-translate.x86_64                        3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugin-wordcompletion.x86_64                   3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugins.x86_64                                 3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gedit-plugins-data.x86_64                            3.28.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
gegl.x86_64                                          0.2.0-39.el8                                               @appstream             
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.4-7.el8                                                @appstream             
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-39.el8                                              @appstream             
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.5.5-2.el8                                                @appstream             
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.5.5-2.el8                                                @appstream             
geocode-glib.x86_64                                  3.26.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
geocode-glib-devel.x86_64                            3.26.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20180605-1.el8                                             @appstream             
geolite2-country.noarch                              20180605-1.el8                                             @appstream             
geos.x86_64                                          3.7.2-1.el8                                                @epel                  
geos-devel.x86_64                                    3.7.2-1.el8                                                @epel                  
gettext.x86_64                                       0.19.8.1-17.el8                                            @baseos                
gettext-common-devel.noarch                          0.19.8.1-17.el8                                            @baseos                
gettext-devel.x86_64                                 0.19.8.1-17.el8                                            @baseos                
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.19.8.1-17.el8                                            @baseos                
gfbgraph.x86_64                                      0.2.4-1.el8                                                @appstream             
gfs2-utils.x86_64                                    3.2.0-11.el8                                               @baseos                
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.4.2-7.el8                                                @appstream             
ghostscript.x86_64                                   9.27-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
ghostscript-doc.noarch                               9.27-6.el8                                                 @powertools            
ghostscript-tools-dvipdf.x86_64                      9.27-6.el8                                                 @powertools            
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                       9.27-6.el8                                                 @powertools            
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                    9.27-6.el8                                                 @powertools            
ghostscript-x11.x86_64                               9.27-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
giflib.x86_64                                        5.1.4-3.el8                                                @appstream             
gimp.x86_64                                          2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                    @appstream             
gimp-devel.x86_64                                    2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                    @appstream             
gimp-devel-tools.x86_64                              2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                    @appstream             
gimp-libs.x86_64                                     2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                    @appstream             
git.x86_64                                           2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
git-all.noarch                                       2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
git-clang-format.x86_64                              15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
git-core.x86_64                                      2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
git-credential-libsecret.x86_64                      2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
git-daemon.x86_64                                    2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
git-email.noarch                                     2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
git-gui.noarch                                       2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
git-instaweb.noarch                                  2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
git-subtree.x86_64                                   2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
git-svn.noarch                                       2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
gitk.noarch                                          2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
gitweb.noarch                                        2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
gjs.x86_64                                           1.56.2-5.el8                                               @appstream             
gl-manpages.noarch                                   1.1-15.20161227.el8                                        @appstream             
glade-libs.x86_64                                    3.22.1-1.el8                                               @appstream             
glassfish-el-api.noarch                              3.0.1-0.7.b08.module+el8.6.0+975+c0ed2db8                  @appstream             
glew-devel.x86_64                                    2.0.0-6.el8                                                @powertools            
glfw.x86_64                                          1:3.3-2.el8                                                @epel                  
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.56.1-1.1.el8                                             @baseos                
glib2.x86_64                                         2.56.4-161.el8                                             @baseos                
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.56.4-161.el8                                             @baseos                
glib2-fam.x86_64                                     2.56.4-161.el8                                             @baseos                
glib2-tests.x86_64                                   2.56.4-161.el8                                             @baseos                
glibc.i686                                           2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc.x86_64                                         2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                               2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-headers.x86_64                                 2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-aa.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-af.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-agr.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ak.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-am.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-an.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-anp.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ar.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-as.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ast.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ayc.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-az.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-be.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-bem.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ber.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-bg.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-bhb.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-bho.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-bi.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-bn.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-bo.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-br.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-brx.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-bs.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-byn.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ca.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ce.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-chr.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-cmn.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-crh.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-cs.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-csb.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-cv.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-cy.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-da.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-de.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-doi.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-dsb.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-dv.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-dz.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-el.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-eo.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-es.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-et.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-eu.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-fa.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ff.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-fi.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-fil.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-fo.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-fr.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-fur.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-fy.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ga.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-gd.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-gez.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-gl.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-gu.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-gv.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ha.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-hak.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-he.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-hi.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-hif.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-hne.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-hr.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-hsb.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ht.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-hu.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-hy.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ia.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-id.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ig.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ik.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-is.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-it.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-iu.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ja.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ka.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-kab.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-kk.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-kl.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-km.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-kn.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ko.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-kok.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ks.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ku.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-kw.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ky.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-lb.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-lg.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-li.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-lij.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ln.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-lo.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-lt.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-lv.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-lzh.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mag.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mai.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mfe.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mg.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mhr.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mi.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-miq.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mjw.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mk.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ml.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mn.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mni.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mr.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ms.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-mt.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-my.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-nan.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-nb.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-nds.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ne.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-nhn.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-niu.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-nl.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-nn.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-nr.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-nso.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-oc.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-om.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-or.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-os.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-pa.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-pap.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-pl.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ps.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-pt.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-quz.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-raj.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ro.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ru.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-rw.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sa.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sah.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sat.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sc.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sd.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-se.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sgs.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-shn.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-shs.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-si.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sid.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sk.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sl.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sm.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-so.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sq.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sr.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ss.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-st.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sv.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-sw.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-szl.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ta.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-tcy.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-te.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-tg.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-th.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-the.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ti.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-tig.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-tk.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-tl.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-tn.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-to.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-tpi.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-tr.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ts.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-tt.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ug.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-uk.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-unm.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ur.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-uz.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-ve.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-vi.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-wa.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-wae.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-wal.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-wo.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-xh.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-yi.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-yo.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-yue.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-yuw.x86_64                            2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-zh.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-langpack-zu.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-locale-source.x86_64                           2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
glibc-static.x86_64                                  2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @powertools            
glibc-utils.x86_64                                   2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @appstream             
glibmm24.x86_64                                      2.56.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
glpk.x86_64                                          4.65-4.el8                                                 @epel                  
glpk-devel.x86_64                                    4.65-4.el8                                                 @epel                  
glusterfs.x86_64                                     6.0-61.3.el8                                               @baseos                
glusterfs-api.x86_64                                 6.0-61.3.el8                                               @appstream             
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 6.0-61.3.el8                                               @appstream             
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      6.0-61.3.el8                                               @baseos                
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                6.0-61.3.el8                                               @baseos                
glusterfs-libs.x86_64                                6.0-61.3.el8                                               @baseos                
glusterfs-rdma.x86_64                                6.0-61.3.el8                                               @baseos                
glx-utils.x86_64                                     8.4.0-5.20181118git1830dcb.el8                             @appstream             
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.1.2-10.el8                                             @baseos                
gmp-c++.x86_64                                       1:6.1.2-10.el8                                             @baseos                
gmp-devel.x86_64                                     1:6.1.2-10.el8                                             @baseos                
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.2.6-6.el8                                                @appstream             
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.2.3-2.el8                                                @appstream             
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             3.28.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-backgrounds-extras.noarch                      3.28.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:3.34.3-1.el8                                             @appstream             
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:3.34.3-1.el8                                             @appstream             
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   3.36.5-8.el8.rocky.0.1                                     @appstream             
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              3.28.2-2.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-characters.x86_64                              3.28.2-1.el8.1                                             @appstream             
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.28.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          3.28.2-37.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               3.28.2-37.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                3.32.2-1.el8_8.2                                           @appstream             
gnome-desktop3-devel.x86_64                          3.32.2-1.el8_8.2                                           @appstream             
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            3.28.3-2.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             3.28.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs.noarch                    3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs-cs.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs-de.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs-es.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs-fr.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs-gl.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs-hu.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs-it.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs-pl.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs-pt_BR.noarch              3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-getting-started-docs-ru.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    3.28.5-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.13.3-11.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.28.2-4.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-online-accounts-devel.x86_64                   3.28.2-4.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                           3.26.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-photos.x86_64                                  3.28.1-4.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-photos-tests.x86_64                            3.28.1-4.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          0.1.8-3.el8                                                @appstream             
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                              3.26.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-session.x86_64                                 3.28.1-20.el8_8                                            @appstream             
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 3.28.1-20.el8_8                                            @appstream             
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        3.28.1-20.el8_8                                            @appstream             
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         3.32.0-19.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   3.32.2-50.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-auto-move-windows.noarch       3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-dock.noarch            3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons.noarch           3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-disable-screenshield.noarch    3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-drive-menu.noarch              3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-horizontal-workspaces.noarch   3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-native-window-placement.noarch 3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-no-hot-corner.noarch           3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-panel-favorites.noarch         3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-screenshot-window-sizer.noarch 3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-systemMonitor.noarch           3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-top-icons.noarch               3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-updates-dialog.noarch          3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch              3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-window-grouper.noarch          3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-windowsNavigator.noarch        3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-shell-extension-workspace-indicator.noarch     3.32.1-33.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-software.x86_64                                3.36.1-11.el8                                              @appstream             
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.28.3-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.28.3-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-themes-standard.x86_64                         3.22.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                  3.28.1-7.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.4.3-3.el8                                                @appstream             
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                         20120503-18.el8                                            @appstream             
gnu-free-mono-fonts.noarch                           20120503-18.el8                                            @appstream             
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                           20120503-18.el8                                            @appstream             
gnu-free-serif-fonts.noarch                          20120503-18.el8                                            @appstream             
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.2.20-3.el8_6                                             @baseos                
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.2.20-3.el8_6                                             @baseos                
gnuplot.x86_64                                       5.2.4-3.el8                                                @appstream             
gnuplot-common.x86_64                                5.2.4-3.el8                                                @appstream             
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             @baseos                
gnutls-c++.x86_64                                    3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             @appstream             
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             @appstream             
gnutls-devel.x86_64                                  3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             @appstream             
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             @appstream             
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                2-17.el8                                                   @appstream             
go-toolset.x86_64                                    1.19.9-1.module+el8.8.0+1298+7af20600                      @appstream             
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.56.1-1.el8                                               @baseos                
gobject-introspection-devel.x86_64                   1.56.1-1.el8                                               @appstream             
golang.x86_64                                        1.19.9-1.module+el8.8.0+1298+7af20600                      @appstream             
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.19.9-1.module+el8.8.0+1298+7af20600                      @appstream             
golang-docs.noarch                                   1.19.9-1.module+el8.8.0+1298+7af20600                      @appstream             
golang-misc.noarch                                   1.19.9-1.module+el8.8.0+1298+7af20600                      @appstream             
golang-race.x86_64                                   1.19.9-1.module+el8.8.0+1298+7af20600                      @appstream             
golang-src.noarch                                    1.19.9-1.module+el8.8.0+1298+7af20600                      @appstream             
golang-tests.noarch                                  1.19.9-1.module+el8.8.0+1298+7af20600                      @appstream             
gom.x86_64                                           0.4-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
google-chrome-stable.x86_64                          132.0.6834.110-1                                           @google-chrome         
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1.002-0.10.20130214.el8                                    @appstream             
google-crosextra-carlito-fonts.noarch                1.103-0.8.20130920.el8                                     @appstream             
google-droid-kufi-fonts.noarch                       20120715-13.el8                                            @appstream             
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20120715-13.el8                                            @appstream             
google-droid-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                  20120715-13.el8                                            @appstream             
google-droid-serif-fonts.noarch                      20120715-13.el8                                            @appstream             
google-guice.noarch                                  4.1-11.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         @appstream             
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                  20190416-1.el8                                             @appstream             
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                 20200916-2.el8                                             @appstream             
google-noto-emoji-fonts.noarch                       20200916-2.el8                                             @appstream             
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-kufi-arabic-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-mono-fonts.noarch                        20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-naskh-arabic-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-naskh-arabic-ui-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-nastaliq-urdu-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-armenian-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-avestan-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-balinese-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-bamum-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-batak-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-bengali-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-bengali-ui-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-brahmi-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-buginese-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-buhid-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-fonts.noarch    20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-carian-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-cham-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-cherokee-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                20190416-1.el8                                             @appstream             
google-noto-sans-coptic-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-cuneiform-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-cypriot-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-deseret-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-devanagari-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-devanagari-ui-fonts.noarch          20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-egyptian-hieroglyphs-fonts.noarch   20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                        20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-georgian-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-glagolitic-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-gothic-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-gujarati-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-gujarati-ui-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-ui-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-hanunoo-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-hebrew-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-imperial-aramaic-fonts.noarch       20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-pahlavi-fonts.noarch  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-parthian-fonts.noarch 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-javanese-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-kaithi-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-kannada-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-kannada-ui-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-kayah-li-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-kharoshthi-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-khmer-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-khmer-ui-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-lao-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-lao-ui-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-lepcha-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-limbu-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-linear-b-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-lisu-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-lycian-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-lydian-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-malayalam-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-malayalam-ui-fonts.noarch           20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-mandaic-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-meetei-mayek-fonts.noarch           20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-mongolian-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-myanmar-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-myanmar-ui-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-new-tai-lue-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-nko-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-ogham-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-old-italic-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-old-persian-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-old-south-arabian-fonts.noarch      20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-old-turkic-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-oriya-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-oriya-ui-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-osmanya-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-phags-pa-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-phoenician-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-rejang-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-runic-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-samaritan-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-saurashtra-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-shavian-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-sinhala-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-sundanese-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-syloti-nagri-fonts.noarch           20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-symbols-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-syriac-eastern-fonts.noarch         20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-syriac-estrangela-fonts.noarch      20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-syriac-western-fonts.noarch         20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-tagalog-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-tagbanwa-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-tai-le-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-tai-tham-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-tai-viet-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-tamil-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-tamil-ui-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-telugu-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-telugu-ui-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-thaana-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-thai-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-thai-ui-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-tibetan-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-ugaritic-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-ui-fonts.noarch                     20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-vai-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-sans-yi-fonts.noarch                     20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-armenian-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-bengali-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch               20190416-1.el8                                             @appstream             
google-noto-serif-devanagari-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                       20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-georgian-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-gujarati-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-kannada-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-khmer-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-lao-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-malayalam-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-tamil-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-telugu-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
google-noto-serif-thai-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           @appstream             
gperftools.x86_64                                    1:2.7-9.el8                                                @epel                  
gperftools-devel.x86_64                              1:2.7-9.el8                                                @epel                  
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               1:2.7-9.el8                                                @epel                  
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.13.1-11.el8                                              @baseos                
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.13.1-11.el8                                              @baseos                
gpm.x86_64                                           1.20.7-17.el8                                              @appstream             
gpm-devel.x86_64                                     1.20.7-17.el8                                              @appstream             
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-17.el8                                              @appstream             
gpsbabel.x86_64                                      1.6.0-3.el8                                                @epel                  
gpsd-libs.x86_64                                     3.19-4.el8.1                                               @epel                  
grafana.x86_64                                       7.5.15-4.el8                                               @appstream             
grafana-pcp.x86_64                                   3.2.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
grantlee-editor.x86_64                               21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
grantlee-editor-libs.x86_64                          21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
grantlee-qt5.x86_64                                  5.2.0-12.el8                                               @epel                  
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.10-10.el8                                              @appstream             
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.10-10.el8                                              @appstream             
graphviz.x86_64                                      2.40.1-44.el8                                              @appstream             
grep.x86_64                                          3.1-6.el8                                                  @baseos                
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.6-3.el8                                                @appstream             
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.8-1.el8                                                @appstream             
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.22.3-18.el8                                              @baseos                
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.02-148.el8.rocky.0.3                                   @baseos                
grub2-efi-x64-modules.noarch                         1:2.02-148.el8.rocky.0.3                                   @baseos                
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.02-148.el8.rocky.0.3                                   @baseos                
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.02-148.el8.rocky.0.3                                   @baseos                
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.02-148.el8.rocky.0.3                                   @baseos                
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.02-148.el8.rocky.0.3                                   @baseos                
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.02-148.el8.rocky.0.3                                   @baseos                
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.02-148.el8.rocky.0.3                                   @baseos                
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-47.el8                                                @baseos                
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     3.32.0-6.el8                                               @baseos                
gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel.x86_64               3.32.0-6.el8                                               @appstream             
gsl.x86_64                                           2.5-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
gsl-devel.x86_64                                     2.5-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.17-5.el8                                               @appstream             
gspell.x86_64                                        1.8.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.0.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.8.0-21.el8                                               @baseos                
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.16.1-2.el8                                               @appstream             
gstreamer1-devel.x86_64                              1.16.1-2.el8                                               @appstream             
gstreamer1-libav.x86_64                              1.16.1-1.el8                                               @rpmfusion-free-updates
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.16.1-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.16.1-2.el8                                               @appstream             
gstreamer1-plugins-base-devel.x86_64                 1.16.1-2.el8                                               @appstream             
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.16.1-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.16.1-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.16.1-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gstreamer1-svt-av1.x86_64                            0.8.7-1.el8                                                @epel                  
gtk-doc.x86_64                                       1.28-4.el8                                                 @powertools            
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.22.30-11.el8                                             @appstream             
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      0.9.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.32-5.el8                                              @appstream             
gtk2-devel.x86_64                                    2.24.32-5.el8                                              @appstream             
gtk2-devel-docs.x86_64                               2.24.32-5.el8                                              @appstream             
gtk2-engines.x86_64                                  2.20.2-24.el8                                              @epel                  
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                             2.24.32-5.el8                                              @appstream             
gtk2-immodules.x86_64                                2.24.32-5.el8                                              @appstream             
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.22.30-11.el8                                             @appstream             
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                    3.22.30-11.el8                                             @appstream             
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                             3.22.30-11.el8                                             @appstream             
gtkmm24.x86_64                                       2.24.5-6.el8                                               @appstream             
gtkmm30.x86_64                                       3.22.2-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gtksourceview3.x86_64                                3.24.9-1.el8                                               @appstream             
gtkspell.x86_64                                      2.0.16-15.el8                                              @appstream             
gtkspell3.x86_64                                     3.0.9-5.el8                                                @appstream             
guava20.noarch                                       20.0-8.module+el8.3.0+133+b8b54b58                         @appstream             
gubbi-fonts.noarch                                   1.3-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
guile.x86_64                                         5:2.0.14-7.el8                                             @appstream             
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.0.6-2.el8_4                                              @appstream             
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.12.10-6.el8                                              @appstream             
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.10.5-9.el8                                               @appstream             
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     0.2.5-4.el8                                                @appstream             
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.2.14-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.2.14-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gutenprint-doc.x86_64                                5.2.14-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.2.14-3.el8                                               @appstream             
gv.x86_64                                            3.7.4-25.el8                                               @epel                  
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvfs-devel.x86_64                                    1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.36.2-14.el8                                              @appstream             
gvnc.x86_64                                          0.9.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
gwenview.x86_64                                      1:22.04.1-1.el8                                            @epel                  
gwenview-libs.x86_64                                 1:22.04.1-1.el8                                            @epel                  
gzip.x86_64                                          1.9-13.el8_5                                               @baseos                
hardlink.x86_64                                      1:1.3-6.el8                                                @baseos                
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      1.7.5-3.el8                                                @appstream             
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                1.7.5-3.el8                                                @appstream             
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  1.7.5-3.el8                                                @appstream             
hawtjni-runtime.noarch                               1.16-2.module+el8.3.0+133+b8b54b58                         @appstream             
hdf.x86_64                                           4.2.14-5.el8                                               @epel                  
hdf5.x86_64                                          1.10.5-4.el8                                               @epel                  
hdf5-devel.x86_64                                    1.10.5-4.el8                                               @epel                  
hdf5-mpich.x86_64                                    1.10.5-4.el8                                               @epel                  
hdf5-mpich-devel.x86_64                              1.10.5-4.el8                                               @epel                  
hdf5-static.x86_64                                   1.10.5-4.el8                                               @epel                  
hdparm.x86_64                                        9.54-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
hexedit.x86_64                                       1.2.13-12.el8                                              @appstream             
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
highlight.x86_64                                     3.42-3.el8                                                 @appstream             
highlight-gui.x86_64                                 3.42-3.el8                                                 @appstream             
hivex.x86_64                                         1.3.18-23.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                     @appstream             
hostname.x86_64                                      3.20-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
hplip.x86_64                                         3.18.4-9.el8                                               @appstream             
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.18.4-9.el8                                               @appstream             
hplip-gui.x86_64                                     3.18.4-9.el8                                               @appstream             
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.18.4-9.el8                                               @appstream             
htop.x86_64                                          3.2.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
http-parser.x86_64                                   2.8.0-9.el8                                                @appstream             
http-parser-devel.x86_64                             2.8.0-9.el8                                                @powertools            
httpcomponents-client.noarch                         4.5.5-5.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        @appstream             
httpcomponents-core.noarch                           4.4.10-3.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                       @appstream             
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1284+07ef499e.6                   @appstream             
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1284+07ef499e.6                   @appstream             
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1284+07ef499e.6                   @appstream             
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.6.2-1.el8                                                @appstream             
hunspell-devel.x86_64                                1.6.2-1.el8                                                @appstream             
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20140811.1-12.el8                                        @appstream             
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20140811.1-12.el8                                        @appstream             
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20140811.1-12.el8                                        @appstream             
hwdata.noarch                                        0.314-8.16.el8                                             @baseos                
hwloc.x86_64                                         2.2.0-3.el8                                                @baseos                
hwloc-devel.x86_64                                   2.2.0-3.el8                                                @powertools            
hwloc-gui.x86_64                                     2.2.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                    2.2.0-3.el8                                                @baseos                
hwloc-plugins.x86_64                                 2.2.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   @appstream             
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   @appstream             
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   @appstream             
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   @appstream             
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   @appstream             
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-9.el8                                                @appstream             
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-9.el8                                                @appstream             
i2c-tools.x86_64                                     4.0-12.el8                                                 @appstream             
i2c-tools-perl.x86_64                                4.0-12.el8                                                 @appstream             
ibacm.x86_64                                         44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            @appstream             
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            @appstream             
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            @appstream             
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.1-6.el8                                                @appstream             
ibus-kkc.x86_64                                      1.5.22-9.el8                                               @appstream             
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.10.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            @appstream             
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.8.93-1.el8                                               @appstream             
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.3.4-26.el8                                               @appstream             
ibus-sayura.x86_64                                   1.3.2-13.el8                                               @appstream             
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            @appstream             
ibus-table.noarch                                    1.9.18-6.el8                                               @appstream             
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.1.0-5.el8                                                @appstream             
ibus-wayland.x86_64                                  1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            @appstream             
icedtea-web.x86_64                                   1.8.4-4.el8                                                @appstream             
icedtea-web-javadoc.noarch                           1.8.4-4.el8                                                @appstream             
icewm.x86_64                                         3.4.0-2.el8                                                @epel                  
icewm-data.noarch                                    3.4.0-2.el8                                                @epel                  
icewm-minimal-session.noarch                         3.4.0-2.el8                                                @epel                  
icewm-themes.noarch                                  3.4.0-2.el8                                                @epel                  
icoutils.x86_64                                      0.32.3-2.el8                                               @appstream             
icu.x86_64                                           60.3-2.el8_1                                               @baseos                
iftop.x86_64                                         1.0-0.21.pre4.el8                                          @epel                  
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              2.4-3.el8                                                  @appstream             
ilmbase.x86_64                                       2.2.0-13.el8                                               @appstream             
ilmbase-devel.x86_64                                 2.2.0-13.el8                                               @powertools            
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.3.2-12.el8                                               @baseos                
imlib2.x86_64                                        1.4.9-8.el8                                                @epel                  
infiniband-diags.x86_64                              44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
info.x86_64                                          6.5-7.el8                                                  @baseos                
initial-setup.x86_64                                 0.3.81.7-1.el8.rocky                                       @appstream             
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                             0.3.81.7-1.el8.rocky                                       @appstream             
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.00.18-1.el8                                             @baseos                
inkscape1.x86_64                                     1.0.2-2.el8_8.1                                            @appstream             
inkscape1-docs.x86_64                                1.0.2-2.el8_8.1                                            @appstream             
inkscape1-view.x86_64                                1.0.2-2.el8_8.1                                            @appstream             
integritysetup.x86_64                                2.3.7-5.el8                                                @baseos                
intel-cmt-cat.x86_64                                 4.0.0-0.el8                                                @baseos                
intltool.noarch                                      0.51.0-11.el8                                              @appstream             
iotop.noarch                                         0.6-17.el8                                                 @baseos                
iotop-c.x86_64                                       1.25-1.el8                                                 @epel                  
iowatcher.x86_64                                     1.2.0-10.el8                                               @appstream             
ipa-client-common.noarch                             4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      @appstream             
ipa-common.noarch                                    4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      @appstream             
ipa-selinux.noarch                                   4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      @appstream             
ipcalc.x86_64                                        0.2.4-4.el8                                                @baseos                
iperf3.x86_64                                        3.5-6.el8                                                  @appstream             
ipmievd.x86_64                                       1.8.18-18.el8                                              @appstream             
ipmitool.x86_64                                      1.8.18-18.el8                                              @appstream             
iproute.x86_64                                       5.18.0-1.1.el8_8                                           @baseos                
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    5.18.0-1.1.el8_8                                           @baseos                
iprutils.x86_64                                      2.4.19-1.el8                                               @baseos                
ipset.x86_64                                         7.1-1.el8                                                  @baseos                
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.1-1.el8                                                  @baseos                
iptables.x86_64                                      1.8.4-24.el8                                               @baseos                
iptables-ebtables.x86_64                             1.8.4-24.el8                                               @baseos                
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.4-24.el8                                               @baseos                
iptraf-ng.x86_64                                     1.2.1-2.el8                                                @baseos                
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.6-6.el8                                                @baseos                
iputils.x86_64                                       20180629-10.el8                                            @baseos                
iputils-ninfod.x86_64                                20180629-10.el8                                            @baseos                
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20181214-11.git133f4c47.el8                                @appstream             
irqbalance.x86_64                                    2:1.9.0-4.el8                                              @baseos                
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.4-4.git095f59c.el8                                   @baseos                
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.4-4.git095f59c.el8                                   @baseos                
isl.x86_64                                           0.16.1-6.el8                                               @appstream             
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.99-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
iso-codes.noarch                                     3.79-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
iso-codes-devel.noarch                               3.79-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
itstool.noarch                                       2.0.6-2.el8                                                @appstream             
iw.x86_64                                            4.14-5.el8                                                 @baseos                
iwl100-firmware.noarch                               39.31.5.1-114.el8_8.1                                      @baseos                
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                              1:39.31.5.1-114.el8_8.1                                    @baseos                
iwl105-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-114.el8_8.1                                     @baseos                
iwl135-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-114.el8_8.1                                     @baseos                
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-114.el8_8.1                                     @baseos                
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-114.el8_8.1                                     @baseos                
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-114.el8_8.1                                   @baseos                
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                              15.32.2.9-114.el8_8.1                                      @baseos                
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                              228.61.2.24-114.el8_8.1                                    @baseos                
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                              8.83.5.1_1-114.el8_8.1                                     @baseos                
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                              8.24.2.2-114.el8_8.1                                       @baseos                
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                              9.221.4.1-114.el8_8.1                                      @baseos                
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-114.el8_8.1                                     @baseos                
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-114.el8_8.1                                     @baseos                
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                              41.28.5.1-114.el8_8.1                                      @baseos                
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-114.el8_8.1                                   @baseos                
iwpmd.x86_64                                         44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
jaf.noarch                                           1.2.1-5.module+el8.4.0+405+66dfe7da                        @appstream             
jansi.noarch                                         1.17.1-1.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                       @appstream             
jansi-native.x86_64                                  1.7-7.module+el8.3.0+133+b8b54b58                          @appstream             
jansson.x86_64                                       2.14-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
jansson-devel.x86_64                                 2.14-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
jasper-devel.x86_64                                  2.0.14-5.el8                                               @powertools            
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   2.0.14-5.el8                                               @appstream             
java-1.8.0-openjdk.x86_64                            1:1.8.0.372.b07-4.el8                                      @appstream             
java-1.8.0-openjdk-accessibility.x86_64              1:1.8.0.372.b07-4.el8                                      @appstream             
java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel.x86_64                      1:1.8.0.372.b07-4.el8                                      @appstream             
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.x86_64                   1:1.8.0.372.b07-4.el8                                      @appstream             
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc.noarch                    1:1.8.0.372.b07-4.el8                                      @appstream             
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc-zip.noarch                1:1.8.0.372.b07-4.el8                                      @appstream             
java-1.8.0-openjdk-src.x86_64                        1:1.8.0.372.b07-4.el8                                      @appstream             
java-11-openjdk.x86_64                               1:11.0.19.0.7-4.el8                                        @appstream             
java-11-openjdk-devel.x86_64                         1:11.0.19.0.7-4.el8                                        @appstream             
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:11.0.19.0.7-4.el8                                        @appstream             
java-11-openjdk-javadoc.x86_64                       1:11.0.19.0.7-4.el8                                        @appstream             
java-11-openjdk-javadoc-zip.x86_64                   1:11.0.19.0.7-4.el8                                        @appstream             
java-11-openjdk-jmods.x86_64                         1:11.0.19.0.7-4.el8                                        @appstream             
java-11-openjdk-src.x86_64                           1:11.0.19.0.7-4.el8                                        @appstream             
java-atk-wrapper.x86_64                              0.33.2-6.el8                                               @appstream             
java-hdf5.x86_64                                     1.10.5-4.el8                                               @epel                  
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       5.3.0-2.module+el8.3.0+125+5da1ae29                        @appstream             
javapackages-tools.noarch                            5.3.0-2.module+el8.3.0+125+5da1ae29                        @appstream             
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.16-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-14.el8                                                 @appstream             
jboss-interceptors-1.2-api.noarch                    1.0.0-8.module+el8.3.0+133+b8b54b58                        @appstream             
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.2.1-2.el8                                                @epel                  
jemalloc-devel.x86_64                                5.2.1-2.el8                                                @epel                  
jimtcl.x86_64                                        0.77-6.el8.1                                               @baseos                
jline.noarch                                         2.14.6-2.module+el8.3.0+241+f23502a8                       @appstream             
jmc.x86_64                                           8.0.1-4.module+el8.5.0+676+5f023c1e                        @appstream             
jmc-core.noarch                                      8.0.1-2.module+el8.5.0+676+5f023c1e                        @appstream             
jmc-core-javadoc.noarch                              8.0.1-2.module+el8.5.0+676+5f023c1e                        @appstream             
jna.x86_64                                           4.5.1-5.el8                                                @appstream             
joe.x86_64                                           4.6-6.el8                                                  @epel                  
jolokia-jvm-agent.noarch                             1.6.2-3.el8                                                @appstream             
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-24.el8                                               @appstream             
jose.x86_64                                          10-2.el8                                                   @appstream             
jq.x86_64                                            1.6-6.el8                                                  @appstream             
jq-devel.x86_64                                      1.6-6.el8                                                  @powertools            
json-c.x86_64                                        0.13.1-3.el8                                               @baseos                
json-c-devel.x86_64                                  0.13.1-3.el8                                               @appstream             
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.4.4-1.el8                                                @baseos                
json-glib-devel.x86_64                               1.4.4-1.el8                                                @appstream             
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.200-2.el8.2                                            @appstream             
kaccounts-integration.x86_64                         22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kaccounts-providers.x86_64                           22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kacst-art-fonts.noarch                               2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-book-fonts.noarch                              2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-decorative-fonts.noarch                        2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-digital-fonts.noarch                           2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-farsi-fonts.noarch                             2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-fonts-common.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-letter-fonts.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-naskh-fonts.noarch                             2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-office-fonts.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-one-fonts.noarch                               2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-pen-fonts.noarch                               2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-poster-fonts.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-qurn-fonts.noarch                              2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-screen-fonts.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-title-fonts.noarch                             2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kacst-titlel-fonts.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
kactivitymanagerd.x86_64                             5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kaddressbook.x86_64                                  21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kaddressbook-libs.x86_64                             21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kamera.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kate.x86_64                                          22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kate-plugins.x86_64                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kbd.x86_64                                           2.0.4-10.el8                                               @baseos                
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.0.4-10.el8                                               @baseos                
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.0.4-10.el8                                               @baseos                
kcalc.x86_64                                         22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kcharselect.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kcolorchooser.x86_64                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kcolorpicker.x86_64                                  0.2.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
kde-cli-tools.x86_64                                 5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                4-67.el8                                                   @epel                  
kde-gtk-config.x86_64                                5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kde-partitionmanager.x86_64                          3.3.1-4.el8                                                @epel                  
kde-print-manager.x86_64                             22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kde-print-manager-libs.x86_64                        22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kde-settings.noarch                                  36.1-1.el8.1                                               @epel                  
kde-settings-plasma.noarch                           36.1-1.el8.1                                               @epel                  
kde-settings-pulseaudio.noarch                       36.1-1.el8.1                                               @epel                  
kdecoration.x86_64                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                        22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kdegraphics-thumbnailers.x86_64                      22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kdepim-addons.x86_64                                 21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kdepim-runtime.x86_64                                1:21.08.3-1.el8                                            @epel                  
kdepim-runtime-libs.x86_64                           1:21.08.3-1.el8                                            @epel                  
kdeplasma-addons.x86_64                              5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kdesu.x86_64                                         1:5.24.7-1.el8                                             @epel                  
kdiagram.x86_64                                      2.8.0-4.el8                                                @epel                  
kdialog.x86_64                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kdnssd.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kdsoap.x86_64                                        2.0.0-2.el8.1                                              @epel                  
keditbookmarks.x86_64                                22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
keditbookmarks-libs.x86_64                           22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-240.1.1.el8_3                                       @BaseOS                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-240.10.1.el8_3                                      @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-240.15.1.el8_3                                      @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-305.3.1.el8                                         @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-305.3.1.el8_4                                       @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-305.7.1.el8_4                                       @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-305.10.2.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-305.17.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-305.19.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-305.25.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-348.2.1.el8_5                                       @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                                       @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-348.12.2.el8_5                                      @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-348.20.1.el8_5                                      @baseos                
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-240.1.1.el8_3                                       @BaseOS                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-240.10.1.el8_3                                      @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-240.15.1.el8_3                                      @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-305.3.1.el8                                         @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-305.3.1.el8_4                                       @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-305.7.1.el8_4                                       @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-305.10.2.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-305.17.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-305.19.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-305.25.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-348.2.1.el8_5                                       @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                                       @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-348.12.2.el8_5                                      @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-348.20.1.el8_5                                      @baseos                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-240.1.1.el8_3                                       @BaseOS                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-240.10.1.el8_3                                      @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-240.15.1.el8_3                                      @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-305.3.1.el8                                         @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-305.3.1.el8_4                                       @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-305.7.1.el8_4                                       @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-305.10.2.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-305.17.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-305.19.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-305.25.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-348.2.1.el8_5                                       @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                                       @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-348.12.2.el8_5                                      @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-348.20.1.el8_5                                      @baseos                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
kernel-doc.noarch                                    4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
kernel-headers.x86_64                                4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-240.1.1.el8_3                                       @BaseOS                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-240.10.1.el8_3                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-240.15.1.el8_3                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-305.3.1.el8                                         @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-305.3.1.el8_4                                       @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-305.7.1.el8_4                                       @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-305.10.2.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-305.17.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-305.19.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-305.25.1.el8_4                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-348.2.1.el8_5                                       @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                                       @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-348.12.2.el8_5                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-348.20.1.el8_5                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                                       @baseos                
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          4.18.0-348.12.2.el8_5                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          4.18.0-348.20.1.el8_5                                      @baseos                
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
kernel-rpm-macros.noarch                             131-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
kernel-tools.x86_64                                  4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                             4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
kernelshark.x86_64                                   2.7-10.el8                                                 @appstream             
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.25-5.el8_8.1                                           @baseos                
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-4.el8                                                @appstream             
keycloak-httpd-client-install.noarch                 1.0-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.5.10-9.el8                                               @baseos                
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.5.10-9.el8                                               @baseos                
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                           1.5.10-9.el8                                               @baseos                
kf5-akonadi-calendar.x86_64                          21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-akonadi-contacts.x86_64                          21.12.2-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-akonadi-mime.x86_64                              22.04.1-2.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-akonadi-notes.x86_64                             22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-akonadi-search.x86_64                            22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-akonadi-server.x86_64                            22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-akonadi-server-mysql.x86_64                      22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-attica.x86_64                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-baloo.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-baloo-file.x86_64                                5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-baloo-libs.x86_64                                5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-bluez-qt.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-calendarsupport.x86_64                           21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-eventviews.x86_64                                21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-frameworkintegration.x86_64                      5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                 5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-grantleetheme.x86_64                             22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-incidenceeditor.x86_64                           21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kactivities-stats.x86_64                         5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kalarmcal.x86_64                                 21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kcalendarcore.x86_64                             1:5.96.0-1.el8                                             @epel                  
kf5-kcalendarutils.x86_64                            22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kcmutils.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                              5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                            5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kcontacts.x86_64                                 1:5.96.0-1.el8                                             @epel                  
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kdav.x86_64                                      1:5.96.0-1.el8                                             @epel                  
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                              5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kded.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kdelibs4support.x86_64                           5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kdelibs4support-libs.x86_64                      5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kdesu.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kdnssd.x86_64                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kfilemetadata.x86_64                             5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                              5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                         5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kholidays.x86_64                                 1:5.96.0-1.el8                                             @epel                  
kf5-khtml.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kidentitymanagement.x86_64                       22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kidletime.x86_64                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kimageformats.x86_64                             5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kimap.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                             5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                          5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                          5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kipi-plugins.x86_64                              22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kipi-plugins-libs.x86_64                         22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kitemmodels.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kitinerary.x86_64                                22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kjs.x86_64                                       5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kldap.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kmailtransport.x86_64                            22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kmailtransport-akonadi.x86_64                    22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kmbox.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kmime.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                            5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-knotifyconfig.x86_64                             5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kontactinterface.x86_64                          22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kpeople.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kpimtextedit.x86_64                              22.04.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kpkpass.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kquickcharts.x86_64                              5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kross-core.x86_64                                5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-krunner.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-ksmtp.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-ktexteditor.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                              5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-ktnef.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-kunitconversion.x86_64                           5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                              5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kwayland.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                            5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-kxmlrpcclient.x86_64                             5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-libgravatar.x86_64                               21.12.2-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-libkdcraw.x86_64                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-libkdepim.x86_64                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-libkexiv2.x86_64                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-libkipi.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-libkleo.x86_64                                   21.12.2-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-libksieve.x86_64                                 21.12.2-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-mailcommon.x86_64                                21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-mailimporter.x86_64                              21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-mailimporter-akonadi.x86_64                      21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-messagelib.x86_64                                21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-modemmanager-qt.x86_64                           5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-networkmanager-qt.x86_64                         5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-pimcommon.x86_64                                 21.12.2-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-pimcommon-akonadi.x86_64                         21.12.2-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kf5-plasma.x86_64                                    5.96.0-2.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-prison.x86_64                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-rpm-macros.noarch                                5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-solid.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                               5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-syndication.x86_64                               1:5.96.0-1.el8                                             @epel                  
kf5-syntax-highlighting.x86_64                       5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                              5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kfind.x86_64                                         22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kgpg.x86_64                                          21.12.2-1.el8                                              @epel                  
khelpcenter.x86_64                                   1:22.04.1-1.el8                                            @epel                  
khmeros-base-fonts.noarch                            5.0-25.el8                                                 @appstream             
khmeros-battambang-fonts.noarch                      5.0-25.el8                                                 @appstream             
khmeros-bokor-fonts.noarch                           5.0-25.el8                                                 @appstream             
khmeros-fonts-common.noarch                          5.0-25.el8                                                 @appstream             
khmeros-handwritten-fonts.noarch                     5.0-25.el8                                                 @appstream             
khmeros-metal-chrieng-fonts.noarch                   5.0-25.el8                                                 @appstream             
khmeros-muol-fonts.noarch                            5.0-25.el8                                                 @appstream             
khmeros-siemreap-fonts.noarch                        5.0-25.el8                                                 @appstream             
khotkeys.x86_64                                      5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kimageannotator.x86_64                               0.6.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
kinfocenter.x86_64                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kio-extras.x86_64                                    22.04.1-1.el8.1                                            @epel                  
kmag.x86_64                                          22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kmail.x86_64                                         21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kmail-account-wizard.x86_64                          21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kmail-libs.x86_64                                    21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kmenuedit.x86_64                                     5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kmod.x86_64                                          25-19.el8                                                  @baseos                
kmod-isci.x86_64                                     1.2.0-12.el8_8.elrepo                                      @elrepo                
kmod-kvdo.x86_64                                     6.2.8.7-88.el8                                             @baseos                
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     25-19.el8                                                  @baseos                
kmod-mpt3sas.x86_64                                  42.100.00.00-2.el8_7.elrepo                                @elrepo                
kmod-mptsas.x86_64                                   3.04.20-8.el8_7.elrepo                                     @elrepo                
kmod-nvidia-latest-dkms.x86_64                       3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
kmousetool.x86_64                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kmouth.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
koan.noarch                                          2.0.7.1-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      @appstream             
konqueror.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
konqueror-libs.x86_64                                22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
konsole5.x86_64                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
konsole5-part.x86_64                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kontact.x86_64                                       21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kontact-libs.x86_64                                  21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
korganizer.x86_64                                    21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
korganizer-libs.x86_64                               21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.8.4-37.el8                                               @baseos                
kpatch.noarch                                        0.9.7-2.el8                                                @baseos                
kpatch-dnf.noarch                                    0.9.7_0.4-2.el8                                            @baseos                
kpmcore.x86_64                                       3.3.0-4.el8                                                @epel                  
krb5-devel.x86_64                                    1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            @baseos                
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            @baseos                
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                   1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            @baseos                
krb5-workstation.x86_64                              1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            @baseos                
kruler.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kscreen.x86_64                                       1:5.24.7-1.el8                                             @epel                  
kscreenlocker.x86_64                                 5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
ksh.x86_64                                           20120801-257.el8                                           @appstream             
ksshaskpass.x86_64                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
ksystemstats.x86_64                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kurdit-unikurd-web-fonts.noarch                      20020502-19.el8                                            @appstream             
kuserfeedback.x86_64                                 1.2.0-2.el8                                                @epel                  
kwalletmanager5.x86_64                               22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kwayland-integration.x86_64                          5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kwayland-server.x86_64                               5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kwebenginepart.x86_64                                22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kwin.x86_64                                          5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kwin-common.x86_64                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kwin-libs.x86_64                                     5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kwin-wayland.x86_64                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kwin-x11.x86_64                                      5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kwrite.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
kwrited.x86_64                                       5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                             1.2.76-17.el8                                              @appstream             
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-6.el8                                                @appstream             
langpacks-en.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                                 @appstream             
langpacks-en_GB.noarch                               1.0-12.el8                                                 @appstream             
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.51-4.el8                                               @appstream             
lapack.x86_64                                        3.8.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
lapack-devel.x86_64                                  3.8.0-8.el8                                                @powertools            
lapack64.x86_64                                      3.8.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
lato-fonts.noarch                                    2.015-5.el8                                                @appstream             
layer-shell-qt.x86_64                                5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
lbnl-nhc.noarch                                      1.4.2-1.el7                                                @@commandline          
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.9-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
lcms2-devel.x86_64                                   2.9-2.el8                                                  @powertools            
ldb-tools.x86_64                                     2.6.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
ldns.x86_64                                          1.7.0-21.el8                                               @appstream             
ledmon.x86_64                                        0.96-3.el8                                                 @baseos                
lemon.x86_64                                         3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            @appstream             
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.76.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
less.x86_64                                          530-1.el8                                                  @baseos                
lftp.x86_64                                          4.8.4-2.el8                                                @appstream             
lftp-scripts.noarch                                  4.8.4-2.el8                                                @appstream             
libGLEW.x86_64                                       2.0.0-6.el8                                                @powertools            
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.9-15.el8                                               @appstream             
libICE-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-15.el8                                               @appstream             
libRmath.x86_64                                      4.4.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libRmath-devel.x86_64                                4.4.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libSM-devel.x86_64                                   1.2.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libX11.x86_64                                        1.6.8-5.el8                                                @appstream             
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.6.8-5.el8                                                @appstream             
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.6.8-5.el8                                                @appstream             
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.6.8-5.el8                                                @appstream             
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                           1.2.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.9-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.13-10.el8                                              @appstream             
libXaw-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.13-10.el8                                              @appstream             
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.4-14.el8                                               @appstream             
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                           0.4.4-14.el8                                               @appstream             
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.1.15-3.el8                                               @appstream             
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                              1.1.15-3.el8                                               @appstream             
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.4-14.el8                                               @appstream             
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                              1.1.4-14.el8                                               @appstream             
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.4-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.4-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXfixes.x86_64                                     5.0.3-7.el8                                                @appstream             
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                               5.0.3-7.el8                                                @appstream             
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.3-2.el8                                                @appstream             
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXi.x86_64                                         1.7.10-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libXi-devel.x86_64                                   1.7.10-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.4-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.4-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXmu-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXp.x86_64                                         1.0.3-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libXp-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.3-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.12-9.el8_7                                             @appstream             
libXpm-devel.x86_64                                  3.5.12-9.el8_7                                             @appstream             
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.2-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                               1.5.2-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.10-7.el8                                               @appstream             
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.10-7.el8                                               @appstream             
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.0-4.el8                                                @appstream             
libXt.x86_64                                         1.1.5-12.el8                                               @appstream             
libXt-devel.x86_64                                   1.1.5-12.el8                                               @appstream             
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.3-7.el8                                                @appstream             
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.3-7.el8                                                @appstream             
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.11-7.el8                                               @appstream             
libXv-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.11-7.el8                                               @appstream             
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.12-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXxf86dga-devel.x86_64                             1.1.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXxf86misc.x86_64                                  1.0.4-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXxf86misc-devel.x86_64                            1.0.4-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.4-9.el8                                                @appstream             
libXxf86vm-devel.x86_64                              1.1.4-9.el8                                                @appstream             
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-32.el8                                               @appstream             
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.2-2.el8                                                @appstream             
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                              1.25-8.el8                                                 @epel                  
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                               1.16-5.el8                                                 @epel                  
libacl.x86_64                                        2.2.53-1.el8.1                                             @baseos                
libacl-devel.x86_64                                  2.2.53-1.el8.1                                             @baseos                
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                1.2.1-4.el8                                                @appstream             
libaec.x86_64                                        1.0.2-3.el8                                                @powertools            
libaec-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.2-3.el8                                                @powertools            
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.112-1.el8                                              @baseos                
libaio-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.112-1.el8                                              @baseos                
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-10.el8                                               @appstream             
libaom.x86_64                                        3.6.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.0-19.el8                                             @appstream             
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.7.14-3.el8                                               @baseos                
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.3.3-5.el8                                                @baseos                
libasan.x86_64                                       8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.1-1.el8                                               @epel                  
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.1-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-14.el8                                                 @appstream             
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-14.el8                                                @appstream             
libatomic.x86_64                                     8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libatomic-static.x86_64                              8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libatomic_ops.x86_64                                 7.6.2-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libattr.x86_64                                       2.4.48-3.el8                                               @baseos                
libattr-devel.x86_64                                 2.4.48-3.el8                                               @baseos                
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-7.el8                                                @appstream             
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.4-4.el8                                                @baseos                
libbase.noarch                                       1.1.3-18.el8                                               @appstream             
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-40.el8                                               @baseos                
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libblockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                               2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libblockdev-vdo.x86_64                               2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.0.2-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libbpf.x86_64                                        0.5.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.11.7-2.el8                                               @epel                  
libbsd-devel.x86_64                                  0.11.7-2.el8                                               @epel                  
libburn.x86_64                                       1.4.8-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libbytesize.x86_64                                   1.4-3.el8                                                  @appstream             
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.7.0-2.el8_1                                            @appstream             
libcacard-devel.x86_64                               3:2.7.0-2.el8_1                                            @appstream             
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-18.el8                                                @appstream             
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-18.el8                                                @appstream             
libcap.x86_64                                        2.48-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
libcap-devel.x86_64                                  2.48-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.7.11-1.el8                                               @baseos                
libcap-ng-devel.x86_64                               0.7.11-1.el8                                               @baseos                
libcap-ng-utils.x86_64                               0.7.11-1.el8                                               @baseos                
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.0.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+0.94+2-3.el8                                          @appstream             
libcgroup.x86_64                                     0.41-19.el8                                                @baseos                
libcgroup-pam.x86_64                                 0.41-19.el8                                                @baseos                
libcgroup-tools.x86_64                               0.41-19.el8                                                @baseos                
libchewing.x86_64                                    0.5.1-17.el8                                               @epel                  
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-40.el8                                               @baseos                
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.45.6-5.el8                                               @baseos                
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                              1.45.6-5.el8                                               @baseos                
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.18-1.el8                                               @baseos                
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.5-9.el8                                                  @baseos                
libcroco.x86_64                                      0.6.12-4.el8_2.1                                           @baseos                
libcroco-devel.x86_64                                0.6.12-4.el8_2.1                                           @powertools            
libcublas-11-5.x86_64                                11.7.4.6-1                                                 @cuda                  
libcublas-11-6.x86_64                                11.9.2.110-1                                               @cuda                  
libcublas-12-2.x86_64                                12.2.5.6-1                                                 @cuda                  
libcublas-12-3.x86_64                                12.3.4.1-1                                                 @cuda                  
libcublas-devel-11-5.x86_64                          11.7.4.6-1                                                 @cuda                  
libcublas-devel-11-6.x86_64                          11.9.2.110-1                                               @cuda                  
libcublas-devel-12-2.x86_64                          12.2.5.6-1                                                 @cuda                  
libcublas-devel-12-3.x86_64                          12.3.4.1-1                                                 @cuda                  
libcufft-11-5.x86_64                                 10.6.0.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libcufft-11-6.x86_64                                 10.7.2.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libcufft-12-2.x86_64                                 11.0.8.103-1                                               @cuda                  
libcufft-12-3.x86_64                                 11.0.12.1-1                                                @cuda                  
libcufft-devel-11-5.x86_64                           10.6.0.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libcufft-devel-11-6.x86_64                           10.7.2.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libcufft-devel-12-2.x86_64                           11.0.8.103-1                                               @cuda                  
libcufft-devel-12-3.x86_64                           11.0.12.1-1                                                @cuda                  
libcufile-11-5.x86_64                                1.1.1.25-1                                                 @cuda                  
libcufile-11-6.x86_64                                1.2.1.4-1                                                  @cuda                  
libcufile-12-2.x86_64                                1.7.2.10-1                                                 @cuda                  
libcufile-12-3.x86_64                                1.8.1.2-1                                                  @cuda                  
libcufile-devel-11-5.x86_64                          1.1.1.25-1                                                 @cuda                  
libcufile-devel-11-6.x86_64                          1.2.1.4-1                                                  @cuda                  
libcufile-devel-12-2.x86_64                          1.7.2.10-1                                                 @cuda                  
libcufile-devel-12-3.x86_64                          1.8.1.2-1                                                  @cuda                  
libcurand-11-5.x86_64                                10.2.7.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libcurand-11-6.x86_64                                10.2.9.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libcurand-12-2.x86_64                                10.3.3.141-1                                               @cuda                  
libcurand-12-3.x86_64                                10.3.4.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libcurand-devel-11-5.x86_64                          10.2.7.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libcurand-devel-11-6.x86_64                          10.2.9.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libcurand-devel-12-2.x86_64                          10.3.3.141-1                                               @cuda                  
libcurand-devel-12-3.x86_64                          10.3.4.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libcurl.x86_64                                       7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                                          @baseos                
libcurl-devel.x86_64                                 7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                                          @baseos                
libcusolver-11-5.x86_64                              11.3.2.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusolver-11-6.x86_64                              11.3.4.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusolver-12-2.x86_64                              11.5.2.141-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusolver-12-3.x86_64                              11.5.4.101-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusolver-devel-11-5.x86_64                        11.3.2.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusolver-devel-11-6.x86_64                        11.3.4.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusolver-devel-12-2.x86_64                        11.5.2.141-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusolver-devel-12-3.x86_64                        11.5.4.101-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusparse-11-5.x86_64                              11.7.0.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusparse-11-6.x86_64                              11.7.2.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusparse-12-2.x86_64                              12.1.2.141-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusparse-12-3.x86_64                              12.2.0.103-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusparse-devel-11-5.x86_64                        11.7.0.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusparse-devel-11-6.x86_64                        11.7.2.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusparse-devel-12-2.x86_64                        12.1.2.141-1                                               @cuda                  
libcusparse-devel-12-3.x86_64                        12.2.0.103-1                                               @cuda                  
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-15.el8                                                @baseos                
libdap.x86_64                                        3.19.1-2.el8                                               @powertools            
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.9-7.el8                                                @appstream             
libdav1d.x86_64                                      0.5.2-2.el8                                                @epel                  
libdazzle.x86_64                                     3.28.5-2.el8                                               @appstream             
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-42.el8_4                                            @baseos                
libdb-devel.x86_64                                   5.3.28-42.el8_4                                            @appstream             
libdb-utils.x86_64                                   5.3.28-42.el8_4                                            @baseos                
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-12.el8                                             @appstream             
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-12.el8                                             @appstream             
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.2-10.el8                                               @appstream             
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-40.el8                                               @baseos                
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                2.9.37-5.el8                                               @appstream             
libdmmp.x86_64                                       0.8.4-37.el8                                               @baseos                
libdmtx.x86_64                                       0.7.5-4.el8                                                @epel                  
libdmx.x86_64                                        1.1.4-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libdnet.x86_64                                       1.12-26.el8                                                @appstream             
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.63.0-14.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.114-1.el8                                              @appstream             
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                  2.4.114-1.el8                                              @appstream             
libdv.x86_64                                         1.0.0-27.el8                                               @appstream             
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     5.0.3-8.el8                                                @appstream             
libdvdread.x86_64                                    5.0.3-9.el8                                                @appstream             
libdwarf.x86_64                                      20180129-4.el8                                             @appstream             
libeasyfc.x86_64                                     0.14.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libeasyfc-gobject.x86_64                             0.14.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libecap.x86_64                                       1.0.1-2.module+el8.4.0+404+316a0dc5                        @appstream             
libecap-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.1-2.module+el8.4.0+404+316a0dc5                        @appstream             
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-23.20170329cvs.el8                                     @baseos                
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.8-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                1.5.8-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.00.3-7.el8                                             @baseos                
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.00.3-7.el8                                             @baseos                
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.00.3-7.el8                                             @baseos                
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                       1.07.5-2.el8                                               @baseos                
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.00.3-7.el8                                             @baseos                
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.00.3-7.el8                                             @baseos                
libertas-sd8686-firmware.noarch                      20230404-114.git2e92a49f.el8_8                             @baseos                
libertas-sd8787-firmware.noarch                      20230404-114.git2e92a49f.el8_8                             @baseos                
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                     2:20230404-114.git2e92a49f.el8_8                           @baseos                
libertas-usb8388-olpc-firmware.noarch                20230404-114.git2e92a49f.el8_8                             @baseos                
libestr.x86_64                                       0.1.10-3.el8                                               @appstream             
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.8-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libev.x86_64                                         4.24-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.10.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.8-5.el8                                                @baseos                
libevent-devel.x86_64                                2.1.8-5.el8                                                @appstream             
libevent-doc.noarch                                  2.1.8-5.el8                                                @baseos                
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.22-5.el8_3                                             @appstream             
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.5-2.el8                                                @appstream             
libfabric.x86_64                                     1.17.0-3.el8.1                                             @baseos                
libfastjson.x86_64                                   0.99.9-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libfdisk-devel.x86_64                                2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.6.0-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libffi.x86_64                                        3.1-24.el8                                                 @baseos                
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.1-24.el8                                                 @baseos                
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.3-8.el8                                                @appstream             
libfonts.noarch                                      1.1.3-21.el8                                               @appstream             
libformula.noarch                                    1.1.3-18.el8                                               @appstream             
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.90.7-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-2.el8                                                @appstream             
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.1-1.el8                                                  @baseos                
libgcc.i686                                          8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libgcc.x86_64                                        8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.8.5-7.el8_6                                              @baseos                
libgcrypt-devel.x86_64                               1.8.5-7.el8_6                                              @baseos                
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.17.9-4.el8                                               @appstream             
libgdata-devel.x86_64                                0.17.9-4.el8                                               @appstream             
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-17.el8                                                 @appstream             
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.1-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libgeotiff.x86_64                                    1.5.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libgeotiff-devel.x86_64                              1.5.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.10.8-4.el8                                               @appstream             
libgfortran.x86_64                                   8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libgit2.x86_64                                       0.26.8-2.el8                                               @appstream             
libgit2-glib.x86_64                                  0.26.4-3.el8                                               @appstream             
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              @appstream             
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              @appstream             
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              @appstream             
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              @appstream             
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              @appstream             
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              @appstream             
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              @appstream             
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.26.0-4.el8                                               @appstream             
libgomp.x86_64                                       8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libgomp-offload-nvptx.x86_64                         8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libgovirt.x86_64                                     0.3.7-4.el8                                                @appstream             
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.31-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
libgpg-error-devel.x86_64                            1.31-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.16-3.el8                                               @appstream             
libgpod.x86_64                                       0.8.3-24.el8                                               @appstream             
libgs.x86_64                                         9.27-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
libgs-devel.x86_64                                   9.27-6.el8                                                 @powertools            
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.41-5.el8                                              @appstream             
libgta.x86_64                                        1.2.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.38.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
libgudev.x86_64                                      232-4.el8                                                  @baseos                
libguestfs.x86_64                                    1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-appliance.x86_64                          1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-bash-completion.noarch                    1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-devel.x86_64                              1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-gfs2.x86_64                               1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-gobject.x86_64                            1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-gobject-devel.x86_64                      1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-inspect-icons.noarch                      1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-java.x86_64                               1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-java-devel.x86_64                         1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-javadoc.noarch                            1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-man-pages-ja.noarch                       1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-man-pages-uk.noarch                       1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-rescue.x86_64                             1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-rsync.x86_64                              1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-tools.noarch                              1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-tools-c.x86_64                            1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libguestfs-winsupport.x86_64                         8.8-1.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                         @appstream             
libguestfs-xfs.x86_64                                1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.3.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libgweather.x86_64                                   3.28.2-4.el8                                               @appstream             
libgweather-devel.x86_64                             3.28.2-4.el8                                               @appstream             
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.0-5.el8                                                @appstream             
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-16.el8                                               @appstream             
libhugetlbfs.x86_64                                  2.21-17.el8                                                @baseos                
libhugetlbfs-devel.x86_64                            2.21-17.el8                                                @baseos                
libhugetlbfs-utils.x86_64                            2.21-17.el8                                                @baseos                
libi2c.x86_64                                        4.0-12.el8                                                 @appstream             
libibumad.x86_64                                     44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
libibverbs.x86_64                                    44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
libibverbs-utils.x86_64                              44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.3-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libical-devel.x86_64                                 3.0.3-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libicu.x86_64                                        60.3-2.el8_1                                               @baseos                
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  60.3-2.el8_1                                               @baseos                
libicu-doc.noarch                                    60.3-2.el8_1                                               @baseos                
libidn.x86_64                                        1.34-5.el8                                                 @appstream             
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.2.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libidn2-devel.x86_64                                 2.2.0-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-28.el8                                              @appstream             
libieee1284-devel.x86_64                             0.2.11-28.el8                                              @appstream             
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-5.el8                                                 @appstream             
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.2.0-16.el8                                               @appstream             
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                             12.10.1-14.el8                                             @appstream             
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-40.el8                                               @baseos                
libinput.x86_64                                      1.16.3-3.el8_6                                             @appstream             
libinput-devel.x86_64                                1.16.3-3.el8_6                                             @powertools            
libinput-utils.x86_64                                1.16.3-3.el8_6                                             @appstream             
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libipt.x86_64                                        1.6.1-8.el8                                                @appstream             
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.4-21.el8                                               @appstream             
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.18.0-8.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
libiscsi-devel.x86_64                                1.18.0-8.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
libiscsi-utils.x86_64                                1.18.0-8.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
libisoburn.x86_64                                    1.4.8-4.el8                                                @appstream             
libisofs.x86_64                                      1.4.8-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libitm.x86_64                                        8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libitm-devel.x86_64                                  8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
libjose.x86_64                                       10-2.el8                                                   @appstream             
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 1.5.3-12.el8                                               @appstream             
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                           1.5.3-12.el8                                               @appstream             
libjpeg-turbo-utils.x86_64                           1.5.3-12.el8                                               @appstream             
libjwt.x86_64                                        1.12.1-7.el8                                               @epel                  
libjwt-devel.x86_64                                  1.12.1-7.el8                                               @epel                  
libkadm5.x86_64                                      1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.2.0-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.2.0-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libkeepalive.x86_64                                  0.3-8.el8                                                  @baseos                
libkgapi.x86_64                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
libkkc.x86_64                                        0.3.5-12.el8                                               @appstream             
libkkc-common.noarch                                 0.3.5-12.el8                                               @appstream             
libkkc-data.x86_64                                   1:0.2.7-12.el8                                             @appstream             
libkml.x86_64                                        1.3.0-24.el8                                               @epel                  
libkolabxml.x86_64                                   1.2.0-9.el8                                                @epel                  
libksba.x86_64                                       1.3.5-9.el8_7                                              @baseos                
libkscreen-qt5.x86_64                                5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
libksysguard.x86_64                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
libksysguard-common.x86_64                           5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
libkworkspace5.x86_64                                5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.2-8.el8                                                @appstream             
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.2-8.el8                                                @appstream             
liblayout.noarch                                     0.2.10-17.el8                                              @appstream             
libldb.x86_64                                        2.6.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libldb-devel.x86_64                                  2.6.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libloader.noarch                                     1.1.3-17.el8                                               @appstream             
liblockfile.x86_64                                   1.14-2.el8                                                 @baseos                
liblognorm.x86_64                                    2.0.5-2.el8                                                @appstream             
liblognorm-doc.x86_64                                2.0.5-2.el8                                                @appstream             
liblouis.x86_64                                      2.6.2-21.el8                                               @appstream             
liblsan.x86_64                                       8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libluksmeta.x86_64                                   9-4.el8                                                    @appstream             
libluksmeta-devel.x86_64                             9-4.el8                                                    @appstream             
libmad.x86_64                                        0.15.1b-25.el8                                             @appstream             
libmalaga.x86_64                                     7.12-23.el8                                                @appstream             
libmarkdown.x86_64                                   2.2.4-2.el8                                                @epel                  
libmatchbox.x86_64                                   1.9-23.el8                                                 @appstream             
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.2.0-10.el8                                               @appstream             
libmaxminddb-devel.x86_64                            1.2.0-10.el8                                               @appstream             
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.28.2-1.el8                                               @baseos                
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.28.2-1.el8                                               @baseos                
libmcpp.x86_64                                       2.7.2-20.el8                                               @appstream             
libmd.x86_64                                         1.1.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libmd-devel.x86_64                                   1.1.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.4-4.el8                                                @appstream             
libmemcached.x86_64                                  1.0.18-17.el8                                              @appstream             
libmemcached-libs.x86_64                             1.0.18-17.el8                                              @appstream             
libmetalink.x86_64                                   0.1.3-7.el8                                                @baseos                
libmfx.x86_64                                        1.25-4.el8                                                 @epel                  
libmicrohttpd.x86_64                                 1:0.9.59-2.el8                                             @baseos                
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-7.el8                                                @appstream             
libmng-devel.x86_64                                  2.0.3-7.el8                                                @appstream             
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.4-6.el8                                                @baseos                
libmodman.x86_64                                     2.0.1-17.el8                                               @baseos                
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-9.el8                                            @epel                  
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.13.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
libmodulemd1.x86_64                                  1.8.16-0.2.13.0.1                                          @baseos                
libmount.x86_64                                      2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libmousepad0.x86_64                                  0.5.6-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.1.0-9.1.el8                                              @appstream             
libmpcdec.x86_64                                     1.2.6-20.el8                                               @appstream             
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.7-0.3.alpha.el8.4                                        @appstream             
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.14-3.el8                                               @appstream             
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                               5.1.0-10.el8                                               @appstream             
libndp.x86_64                                        1.7-6.el8                                                  @baseos                
libnet.x86_64                                        1.1.6-15.el8                                               @appstream             
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.6-5.el8                                                @baseos                
libnetfilter_cthelper.x86_64                         1.0.0-15.el8                                               @baseos                
libnetfilter_cttimeout.x86_64                        1.0.0-11.el8                                               @baseos                
libnetfilter_queue.x86_64                            1.0.4-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-13.el8                                               @baseos                
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.3.3-59.el8                                             @baseos                
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.1.5-5.el8                                                @baseos                
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.33.0-3.el8_3.1                                           @baseos                
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.el8                            @appstream             
libnice-gstreamer1.x86_64                            0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.el8                            @appstream             
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.7.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.7.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libnl3-devel.x86_64                                  3.7.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libnl3-doc.x86_64                                    3.7.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libnma.x86_64                                        1.8.38-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.7.7-6.el8                                                @appstream             
libnotify-devel.x86_64                               0.7.7-6.el8                                                @appstream             
libnpp-11-5.x86_64                                   11.5.1.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libnpp-11-6.x86_64                                   11.6.3.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libnpp-12-2.x86_64                                   12.2.1.4-1                                                 @cuda                  
libnpp-12-3.x86_64                                   12.2.3.2-1                                                 @cuda                  
libnpp-devel-11-5.x86_64                             11.5.1.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libnpp-devel-11-6.x86_64                             11.6.3.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libnpp-devel-12-2.x86_64                             12.2.1.4-1                                                 @cuda                  
libnpp-devel-12-3.x86_64                             12.2.3.2-1                                                 @cuda                  
libnsl.x86_64                                        2.28-225.el8_8.6                                           @baseos                
libnsl2.x86_64                                       1.2.0-2.20180605git4a062cf.el8                             @baseos                
libnvidia-container-tools.x86_64                     1.14.5-1                                                   @cuda                  
libnvidia-container1.x86_64                          1.14.5-1                                                   @cuda                  
libnvjitlink-12-2.x86_64                             12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
libnvjitlink-12-3.x86_64                             12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
libnvjitlink-devel-12-2.x86_64                       12.2.140-1                                                 @cuda                  
libnvjitlink-devel-12-3.x86_64                       12.3.101-1                                                 @cuda                  
libnvjpeg-11-5.x86_64                                11.5.4.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libnvjpeg-11-6.x86_64                                11.6.2.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libnvjpeg-12-2.x86_64                                12.2.2.4-1                                                 @cuda                  
libnvjpeg-12-3.x86_64                                12.3.0.81-1                                                @cuda                  
libnvjpeg-devel-11-5.x86_64                          11.5.4.107-1                                               @cuda                  
libnvjpeg-devel-11-6.x86_64                          11.6.2.124-1                                               @cuda                  
libnvjpeg-devel-12-2.x86_64                          12.2.2.4-1                                                 @cuda                  
libnvjpeg-devel-12-3.x86_64                          12.3.0.81-1                                                @cuda                  
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-9.el8                                                @appstream             
liboauth-devel.x86_64                                1.0.3-9.el8                                                @appstream             
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.2-10.el8                                             @appstream             
libogg-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.3.2-10.el8                                             @appstream             
libomp.x86_64                                        15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
libomp-devel.x86_64                                  15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
libomp-test.x86_64                                   15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
libopenraw.x86_64                                    0.1.2-4.el8                                                @appstream             
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.15.4-2.el8                                               @appstream             
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.9.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libotf.x86_64                                        0.9.13-11.el8                                              @appstream             
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libpaper.x86_64                                      1.1.24-22.el8                                              @appstream             
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-40.el8                                               @baseos                
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.9.1-5.el8                                             @baseos                
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.14-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                            0.14-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
libpeas.x86_64                                       1.22.0-6.el8                                               @baseos                
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                   1.22.0-6.el8                                               @appstream             
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                        1.22.0-6.el8                                               @appstream             
libpfm.x86_64                                        4.10.1-5.el8                                               @appstream             
libpfm-devel.x86_64                                  4.10.1-5.el8                                               @appstream             
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.2.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.2.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.0-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libplist.x86_64                                      2.0.0-10.el8                                               @appstream             
libpmem.x86_64                                       1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libpmem-devel.x86_64                                 1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libpmemblk.x86_64                                    1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libpmemblk-devel.x86_64                              1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libpmemlog.x86_64                                    1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libpmemlog-devel.x86_64                              1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libpmemobj.x86_64                                    1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libpmemobj++-devel.x86_64                            1.6-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
libpmemobj++-doc.x86_64                              1.6-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
libpmemobj-devel.x86_64                              1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libpmempool.x86_64                                   1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libpmempool-devel.x86_64                             1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.34-5.el8                                             @baseos                
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.34-5.el8                                             @baseos                
libpng12.x86_64                                      1.2.57-5.el8                                               @appstream             
libpng15.x86_64                                      1.5.30-7.el8                                               @appstream             
libpq.x86_64                                         13.5-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
libpq-devel.x86_64                                   13.5-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             @baseos                
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                  0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             @appstream             
libproxy-gnome.x86_64                                0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             @appstream             
libproxy-networkmanager.x86_64                       0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             @appstream             
libproxy-webkitgtk4.x86_64                           0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             @appstream             
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.20.2-6.el8                                               @baseos                
libpsm2.x86_64                                       11.2.230-1.el8.1                                           @baseos                
libpsm2-compat.x86_64                                11.2.230-1.el8.1                                           @baseos                
libpst-libs.x86_64                                   0.6.71-8.el8                                               @appstream             
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.4-6.el8                                                @baseos                
libqalculate.x86_64                                  3.6.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libqb.x86_64                                         1.0.3-13.el8_7                                             @baseos                
libqb-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.3-13.el8_7                                             @baseos                
libqhull.x86_64                                      2015.2-5.el8                                               @powertools            
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.32.2-3.el8                                               @baseos                
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.32.2-3.el8                                               @baseos                
libquadmath.x86_64                                   8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                             8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
libquvi.x86_64                                       0.9.4-12.el8                                               @appstream             
libquvi-scripts.noarch                               0.9.20131130-9.el8                                         @appstream             
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.9.0-3.el8                                                @baseos                
librados2.x86_64                                     1:12.2.7-9.el8                                             @appstream             
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.7.0-4.el8                                                @epel                  
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-5.el8                                                @appstream             
librbd1.x86_64                                       1:12.2.7-9.el8                                             @appstream             
librdkafka.x86_64                                    0.11.4-3.el8                                               @appstream             
librdmacm.x86_64                                     44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
librdmacm-utils.x86_64                               44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-40.el8                                               @baseos                
librelp.x86_64                                       1.9.0-1.el8                                                @appstream             
librepo.x86_64                                       1.14.2-4.el8                                               @baseos                
libreport.x86_64                                     2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-filesystem.x86_64                          2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @baseos                
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-newt.x86_64                                2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-plugin-mailx.x86_64                        2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-plugin-rhtsupport.x86_64                   2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-rhel.x86_64                                2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-rhel-anaconda-bugzilla.x86_64              2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-rhel-bugzilla.x86_64                       2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
librepository.noarch                                 1.1.3-17.el8                                               @appstream             
libreswan.x86_64                                     4.9-3.el8_8                                                @appstream             
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.4-12.el8                                               @appstream             
librevenge-gdb.x86_64                                0.0.4-12.el8                                               @appstream             
librhsm.x86_64                                       0.0.3-5.el8                                                @baseos                
librpmem.x86_64                                      1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
librpmem-devel.x86_64                                1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.42.7-4.el8                                               @appstream             
librsvg2-devel.x86_64                                2.42.7-4.el8                                               @appstream             
librsvg2-tools.x86_64                                2.42.7-4.el8                                               @appstream             
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.1.9-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.18.4-9.el8                                               @appstream             
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.2-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libseccomp-devel.x86_64                              2.5.2-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.18.6-1.el8.0.2                                           @baseos                
libsecret-devel.x86_64                               0.18.6-1.el8.0.2                                           @baseos                
libselinux.x86_64                                    2.9-8.el8                                                  @baseos                
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              2.9-8.el8                                                  @baseos                
libselinux-ruby.x86_64                               2.9-8.el8                                                  @appstream             
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              2.9-8.el8                                                  @baseos                
libsemanage.x86_64                                   2.9-9.el8_6                                                @baseos                
libsepol.x86_64                                      2.9-3.el8                                                  @baseos                
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                2.9-3.el8                                                  @baseos                
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.9-9.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                       @appstream             
libserializer.noarch                                 1.1.2-18.el8                                               @appstream             
libshout.x86_64                                      2.2.2-19.el8                                               @appstream             
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.10.0-6.el8                                               @appstream             
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.11-5.el8                                                 @baseos                
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.4.0-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                       @appstream             
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libsmartcols-devel.x86_64                            2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  4.17.5-2.el8                                               @baseos                
libsmbios.x86_64                                     2.4.1-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libsmi.x86_64                                        0.4.8-23.el8                                               @appstream             
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.0.28-13.el8                                              @appstream             
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.20-4.el8_7                                             @baseos                
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.62.3-3.el8                                               @baseos                
libsoup-devel.x86_64                                 2.62.3-3.el8                                               @appstream             
libspatialite.x86_64                                 5.0.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.8-5.el8                                                @appstream             
libspiro.x86_64                                      20150131-8.el8                                             @appstream             
libsrtp.x86_64                                       1.5.4-8.el8                                                @appstream             
libss.x86_64                                         1.45.6-5.el8                                               @baseos                
libssh.x86_64                                        0.9.6-10.el8_8                                             @baseos                
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.9.6-10.el8_8                                             @baseos                
libssh-devel.x86_64                                  0.9.6-10.el8_8                                             @appstream             
libsss_autofs.x86_64                                 2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libsss_simpleifp.x86_64                              2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libstdc++.i686                                       8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libstdc++.x86_64                                     8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
libstdc++-docs.x86_64                                8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
libstdc++-static.x86_64                              8.5.0-18.el8                                               @powertools            
libstemmer.x86_64                                    0-10.585svn.el8                                            @baseos                
libstoragemgmt.x86_64                                1.9.1-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libstoragemgmt-arcconf-plugin.noarch                 1.9.1-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libstoragemgmt-hpsa-plugin.noarch                    1.9.1-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libstoragemgmt-local-plugin.noarch                   1.9.1-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libstoragemgmt-megaraid-plugin.noarch                1.9.1-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libstoragemgmt-smis-plugin.noarch                    1.9.1-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libstoragemgmt-udev.x86_64                           1.9.1-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libsysfs.x86_64                                      2.1.0-25.el8                                               @baseos                
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.3.4-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libtalloc-devel.x86_64                               2.3.4-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libtar.x86_64                                        1.2.20-17.el8                                              @appstream             
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.13-4.el8_7                                               @baseos                
libtasn1-devel.x86_64                                4.13-4.el8_7                                               @appstream             
libtasn1-tools.x86_64                                4.13-4.el8_7                                               @appstream             
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.7-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libtdb-devel.x86_64                                  1.4.7-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libteam.x86_64                                       1.31-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
libteam-doc.x86_64                                   1.31-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
libtermkey.x86_64                                    0.20-1.el8                                                 @epel                  
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.13.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
libtevent-devel.x86_64                               0.13.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.27-2.el8                                               @appstream             
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-21.el8                                             @appstream             
libtidy.x86_64                                       5.6.0-5.el8                                                @epel                  
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.0.9-28.el8_8                                             @appstream             
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                 4.0.9-28.el8_8                                             @appstream             
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.1-4.el8                                              @appstream             
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.1.4-8.el8                                                @baseos                
libtirpc-devel.x86_64                                1.1.4-8.el8                                                @baseos                
libtool.x86_64                                       2.4.6-25.el8                                               @appstream             
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.6-25.el8                                               @baseos                
libtool-ltdl-devel.x86_64                            2.4.6-25.el8                                               @appstream             
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.1-2.20211126git1ff6fe1f43.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115 @appstream             
libtraceevent.x86_64                                 1.5.3-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                0.20.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
libtsan.x86_64                                       8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libubsan.x86_64                                      8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos                
libucil.x86_64                                       0.9.10-16.el8                                              @appstream             
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.9.0-13.el8                                               @appstream             
libunicap.x86_64                                     0.9.12-21.el8                                              @appstream             
libunistring.x86_64                                  0.9.9-3.el8                                                @baseos                
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.3.1-3.el8                                                @epel                  
liburing.x86_64                                      1.0.7-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-39.el8                                              @appstream             
libusb.x86_64                                        1:0.1.5-12.el8                                             @baseos                
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    1.0.10-9.el8                                               @appstream             
libusbx.x86_64                                       1.0.23-4.el8                                               @baseos                
libusbx-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.23-4.el8                                               @baseos                
libusbx-devel-doc.noarch                             1.0.23-4.el8                                               @baseos                
libuser.x86_64                                       0.62-25.el8                                                @baseos                
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.1.6-14.el8                                               @baseos                
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libuuid-devel.x86_64                                 2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.41.1-1.el8_4                                           @appstream             
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.14.2-3.el8                                               @appstream             
libva.x86_64                                         2.13.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
libva-devel.x86_64                                   2.13.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
libvarlink.x86_64                                    18-3.el8                                                   @baseos                
libvarlink-util.x86_64                               18-3.el8                                                   @baseos                
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.4-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libverto-devel.x86_64                                0.3.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libverto-libevent.x86_64                             0.3.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
libvirt.x86_64                                       8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-client.x86_64                                8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter.x86_64                8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.0-2.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       @appstream             
libvirt-devel.x86_64                                 8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-docs.x86_64                                  8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               3.0.0-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.0-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               3.0.0-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-lock-sanlock.x86_64                          8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvirt-nss.x86_64                                   8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    @appstream             
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.0-25.el8                                             @appstream             
libvma.x86_64                                        9.6.4-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libvmaf.x86_64                                       1.3.15-2.el8                                               @epel                  
libvmem.x86_64                                       1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libvmem-devel.x86_64                                 1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libvmmalloc.x86_64                                   1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libvmmalloc-devel.x86_64                             1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.11-17.el8                                              @appstream             
libvoikko.x86_64                                     4.1.1-3.el8                                                @appstream             
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.6-2.el8                                              @appstream             
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.7.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
libvterm.x86_64                                      0.3-1.el8                                                  @epel                  
libwacom.x86_64                                      1.6-3.el8                                                  @appstream             
libwacom-data.noarch                                 1.6-3.el8                                                  @appstream             
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.21.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libwbclient.x86_64                                   4.17.5-2.el8                                               @baseos                
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.0.0-8.el8_7                                              @appstream             
libwebp-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.0-8.el8_7                                              @appstream             
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             @appstream             
libwinpr-devel.x86_64                                2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             @appstream             
libwmf.x86_64                                        0.2.9-8.el8_0                                              @appstream             
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.9-8.el8_0                                              @appstream             
libwnck3.x86_64                                      3.24.1-2.el8                                               @appstream             
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.2-2.el8                                               @appstream             
libwpe.x86_64                                        1.10.0-4.el8                                               @appstream             
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.2-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.13.1-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.13.1-1.el8                                               @appstream             
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.1.1-6.el8                                                @baseos                
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.1.1-6.el8                                                @baseos                
libxcrypt-static.x86_64                              4.1.1-6.el8                                                @powertools            
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                    4.16.0-2.el8                                               @epel                  
libxfce4util.x86_64                                  4.16.0-4.el8                                               @epel                  
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  0.9.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            0.9.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              0.9.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libxkbcommon-x11-devel.x86_64                        0.9.1-1.el8                                                @powertools            
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-1.el8                                                @appstream             
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-11.el8                                                 @appstream             
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.9.7-16.el8                                               @baseos                
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.9.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.1.15-1.el8                                               @baseos                
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
libxshmfence-devel.x86_64                            1.3-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.32-6.el8                                               @baseos                
libxslt-devel.x86_64                                 1.1.32-6.el8                                               @appstream             
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.1.7-5.el8                                                @baseos                
libyaml-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.7-5.el8                                                @powertools            
libyang.x86_64                                       1.0.184-1.el8                                              @appstream             
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.2.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
libzip.x86_64                                        1.5.1-2.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                        @appstream             
libzip-devel.x86_64                                  1.5.1-2.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                        @appstream             
libzip-tools.x86_64                                  1.5.1-2.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                        @appstream             
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.4.4-1.el8                                                @baseos                
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.4.4-1.el8                                                @baseos                
linux-firmware.noarch                                20230404-114.git2e92a49f.el8_8                             @baseos                
linuxconsoletools.x86_64                             1.6.0-4.el8                                                @appstream             
linuxptp.x86_64                                      3.1.1-3.el8_8.1                                            @appstream             
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.18-3.el8                                               @baseos                
lksctp-tools-devel.x86_64                            1.0.18-3.el8                                               @baseos                
lksctp-tools-doc.x86_64                              1.0.18-3.el8                                               @baseos                
lld.x86_64                                           15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
lld-devel.x86_64                                     15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
lld-libs.x86_64                                      15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
lldb.x86_64                                          15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
lldb-devel.x86_64                                    15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
lldpad.x86_64                                        1.0.1-19.git036e314.el8                                    @baseos                
lldpd.x86_64                                         1.0.1-2.el8                                                @appstream             
lldpd-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.1-2.el8                                                @appstream             
llvm.x86_64                                          15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
llvm-devel.x86_64                                    15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
llvm-doc.noarch                                      15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
llvm-googletest.x86_64                               15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
llvm-static.x86_64                                   15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
llvm-test.x86_64                                     15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
llvm-toolset.x86_64                                  15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
lm_sensors.x86_64                                    3.4.0-23.20180522git70f7e08.el8                            @baseos                
lm_sensors-devel.x86_64                              3.4.0-23.20180522git70f7e08.el8                            @baseos                
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.4.0-23.20180522git70f7e08.el8                            @baseos                
lm_sensors-sensord.x86_64                            3.4.0-23.20180522git70f7e08.el8                            @appstream             
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.24-2.el8                                               @baseos                
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.28.20111007git.el8                                 @baseos                
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.14.0-6.el8                                               @baseos                
logwatch.noarch                                      7.4.3-11.el8                                               @baseos                
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-3.el8                                               @appstream             
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-3.el8                                               @appstream             
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.4-3.el8                                               @appstream             
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-3.el8                                               @appstream             
lohit-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                          2.91.2-3.el8                                               @appstream             
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-3.el8                                                @appstream             
lohit-malayalam-fonts.noarch                         2.92.2-3.el8                                               @appstream             
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                           2.94.2-5.el8                                               @appstream             
lohit-nepali-fonts.noarch                            2.94.2-3.el8                                               @appstream             
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-3.el8                                               @appstream             
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-3.el8                                               @appstream             
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-3.el8                                                @appstream             
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.0-21.el8                                             @appstream             
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-43.el8                                             @baseos                
lshw.x86_64                                          B.02.19.2-6.el8                                            @baseos                
lshw-gui.x86_64                                      B.02.19.2-6.el8                                            @appstream             
lsof.x86_64                                          4.93.2-1.el8                                               @baseos                
lsscsi.x86_64                                        0.32-3.el8                                                 @baseos                
ltrace.x86_64                                        0.7.91-28.el8                                              @appstream             
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.8.1-11.el8                                               @appstream             
lua.x86_64                                           5.3.4-12.el8                                               @appstream             
lua-alt-getopt.noarch                                0.8.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
lua-cyrussasl.x86_64                                 1.1.0-7.el8                                                @epel                  
lua-dbi.x86_64                                       0.7.2-1.el8                                                @epel                  
lua-devel.x86_64                                     5.3.4-12.el8                                               @powertools            
lua-expat.x86_64                                     1.3.0-12.el8.1                                             @appstream             
lua-filesystem.x86_64                                1.6.3-7.el8                                                @powertools            
lua-guestfs.x86_64                                   1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
lua-json.noarch                                      1.3.2-9.el8                                                @appstream             
lua-ldap.x86_64                                      1.1.0-20.el8                                               @epel                  
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.3.4-12.el8                                               @baseos                
lua-lpeg.x86_64                                      1.0.1-6.el8                                                @appstream             
lua-lunit.noarch                                     0.5-13.el8                                                 @powertools            
lua-lxc.x86_64                                       3.0.2-4.el8                                                @epel                  
lua-posix.x86_64                                     33.3.1-9.el8                                               @powertools            
lua-sec.x86_64                                       1.3.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
lua-socket.x86_64                                    3.0-0.17.rc1.el8                                           @appstream             
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-3.el8                                                    @epel                  
lua-term.x86_64                                      0.07-9.el8                                                 @epel                  
lua5.1-bitop.x86_64                                  1.0.2-5.el8                                                @epel                  
luajit.x86_64                                        2.1.0-0.16beta3.el8                                        @epel                  
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                 1.42.0.1-3.el8                                             @epel                  
luksmeta.x86_64                                      9-4.el8                                                    @appstream             
lustre-client.x86_64                                 2.12.9-1.el8                                               @lustre-client         
lustre-client-dkms.noarch                            2.12.9-1.el8                                               @lustre-client         
lvm2.x86_64                                          8:2.03.14-9.el8                                            @baseos                
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    8:2.03.14-9.el8                                            @baseos                
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     8:2.03.14-9.el8                                            @baseos                
lvm2-lockd.x86_64                                    8:2.03.14-9.el8                                            @baseos                
lxc-libs.x86_64                                      3.0.4-2.el8                                                @epel                  
lz4.x86_64                                           1.8.3-3.el8_4                                              @baseos                
lz4-devel.x86_64                                     1.8.3-3.el8_4                                              @baseos                
lz4-java.x86_64                                      1.7.1-14.module+el8.4.0+394+13a3c723                       @appstream             
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.8.3-3.el8_4                                              @baseos                
lzo.x86_64                                           2.08-14.el8                                                @baseos                
lzo-devel.x86_64                                     2.08-14.el8                                                @baseos                
lzo-minilzo.x86_64                                   2.08-14.el8                                                @baseos                
lzop.x86_64                                          1.03-20.el8                                                @baseos                
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.18-7.el8                                               @baseos                
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-20.el8                                               @appstream             
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.48-3.el8                                               @baseos                
mailx.x86_64                                         12.5-29.el8                                                @baseos                
make.x86_64                                          1:4.2.1-11.el8                                             @baseos                
make-devel.x86_64                                    1:4.2.1-11.el8                                             @baseos                
malaga-suomi-voikko.x86_64                           1.19-5.el8                                                 @appstream             
maliit-framework.x86_64                              2.0.0-5.el8                                                @epel                  
maliit-framework-qt5.x86_64                          2.0.0-5.el8                                                @epel                  
maliit-keyboard.x86_64                               2.0.0-4.el8                                                @epel                  
mallard-rng.noarch                                   1.0.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
man-db.x86_64                                        2.7.6.1-18.el8                                             @baseos                
man-db-cron.noarch                                   2.7.6.1-18.el8                                             @baseos                
man-pages.x86_64                                     4.15-7.el8                                                 @baseos                
man-pages-overrides.noarch                           8.6.0.0-1.el8                                              @appstream             
man2html.x86_64                                      1.6-24.g.el8                                               @epel                  
man2html-core.x86_64                                 1.6-24.g.el8                                               @epel                  
mariadb.x86_64                                       3:10.3.35-1.module+el8.6.0+1005+cdf19c22                   @appstream             
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                3:10.3.35-1.module+el8.6.0+1005+cdf19c22                   @appstream             
mariadb-common.x86_64                                3:10.3.35-1.module+el8.6.0+1005+cdf19c22                   @appstream             
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.1.11-2.el8_3                                             @appstream             
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.1.11-2.el8_3                                             @appstream             
mariadb-connector-c-devel.x86_64                     3.1.11-2.el8_3                                             @appstream             
mariadb-devel.x86_64                                 3:10.3.35-1.module+el8.6.0+1005+cdf19c22                   @appstream             
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                3:10.3.35-1.module+el8.6.0+1005+cdf19c22                   @appstream             
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                         3:10.3.35-1.module+el8.6.0+1005+cdf19c22                   @appstream             
mariadb-server.x86_64                                3:10.3.35-1.module+el8.6.0+1005+cdf19c22                   @appstream             
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                          3:10.3.35-1.module+el8.6.0+1005+cdf19c22                   @appstream             
marisa.x86_64                                        0.2.4-36.el8                                               @appstream             
matchbox-window-manager.x86_64                       1.2-23.20070628svn.el8                                     @appstream             
mawk.x86_64                                          1:1.3.4-19.20200120.el8                                    @epel                  
mc.x86_64                                            1:4.8.19-9.el8                                             @appstream             
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:189-0.el8                                                @baseos                
mcpp.x86_64                                          2.7.2-20.el8                                               @appstream             
mcstrans.x86_64                                      2.9-2.el8                                                  @baseos                
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-7.el8                                                  @baseos                
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.1.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
media-player-info.noarch                             23-2.el8                                                   @appstream             
memkind.x86_64                                       1.10.1-1.el8                                               @appstream             
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.4-2.el8                                                @baseos                
memtest86+.x86_64                                    5.01-20.el8                                                @baseos                
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                             22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                              22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.0-15.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                             9.0.0-15.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libGLw.x86_64                                   8.0.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libGLw-devel.x86_64                             8.0.0-18.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libOSMesa-devel.x86_64                          22.3.0-2.el8                                               @powertools            
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-vdpau-drivers.x86_64                            22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-vulkan-devel.x86_64                             22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           22.3.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
metacity.x86_64                                      3.28.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 4:20220809-2.20230214.1.el8_8                              @baseos                
mimalloc.x86_64                                      2.1.2-1.el8                                                @epel                  
minicom.x86_64                                       2.7.1-9.el8                                                @baseos                
minizip.x86_64                                       2.8.9-2.el8                                                @epel                  
mksh.x86_64                                          56c-5.el8                                                  @baseos                
mlocate.x86_64                                       0.26-20.el8                                                @baseos                
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20210805-1.el8                                             @baseos                
mod_http2.x86_64                                     1.15.7-8.module+el8.8.0+1284+07ef499e.3                    @appstream             
mokutil.x86_64                                       1:0.3.0-12.el8                                             @baseos                
mold.x86_64                                          2.1.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
motif.x86_64                                         2.3.4-19.el8                                               @appstream             
motif-devel.x86_64                                   2.3.4-19.el8                                               @appstream             
motif-static.x86_64                                  2.3.4-19.el8                                               @appstream             
mousepad.x86_64                                      0.5.6-1.el8                                                @epel                  
mousetweaks.x86_64                                   3.12.0-11.el8                                              @appstream             
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
mozjs60.x86_64                                       60.9.0-4.el8                                               @baseos                
mpfr.x86_64                                          3.1.6-1.el8                                                @baseos                
mpfr-devel.x86_64                                    3.1.6-1.el8                                                @appstream             
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.25.10-2.el8                                              @appstream             
mpich.x86_64                                         3.4.2-1.el8                                                @appstream             
mpich-devel.x86_64                                   3.4.2-1.el8                                                @appstream             
mrtg.x86_64                                          2.17.7-1.el8                                               @appstream             
msgpack.x86_64                                       3.1.0-3.el8                                                @epel                  
msr-tools.x86_64                                     1.3-17.el8                                                 @epel                  
mstflint.x86_64                                      4.23.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.5-12.el8                                               @appstream             
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.18-15.el8_6                                            @baseos                
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.92-3.el8                                               @baseos                
mtr-gtk.x86_64                                       2:0.92-3.el8                                               @appstream             
mtx.x86_64                                           1.3.12-17.el8                                              @appstream             
multilib-rpm-config.noarch                           1-10.el8                                                   @appstream             
munge.x86_64                                         0.5.13-2.el8                                               @appstream             
munge-devel.x86_64                                   0.5.13-2.el8                                               @powertools            
munge-libs.x86_64                                    0.5.13-2.el8                                               @appstream             
mutt.x86_64                                          5:2.0.7-2.el8                                              @appstream             
mutter.x86_64                                        3.32.2-69.el8_8                                            @appstream             
nafees-web-naskh-fonts.noarch                        1.2-18.el8                                                 @appstream             
nano.x86_64                                          2.9.8-1.el8                                                @baseos                
nasm.x86_64                                          2.15.03-3.el8                                              @powertools            
nautilus.x86_64                                      3.28.1-23.el8                                              @appstream             
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           3.28.1-23.el8                                              @appstream             
nautilus-sendto.x86_64                               1:3.8.6-2.el8                                              @appstream             
navilu-fonts.noarch                                  1.2-11.el8                                                 @appstream             
nbdkit.x86_64                                        1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-bash-completion.noarch                        1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-basic-filters.x86_64                          1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-basic-plugins.x86_64                          1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-curl-plugin.x86_64                            1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-devel.x86_64                                  1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-example-plugins.x86_64                        1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-gzip-plugin.x86_64                            1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-python-plugin.x86_64                          1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-server.x86_64                                 1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-ssh-plugin.x86_64                             1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-vddk-plugin.x86_64                            1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
nbdkit-xz-filter.x86_64                              1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
ncdu.x86_64                                          1.18-1.el8                                                 @epel                  
ncompress.x86_64                                     4.2.4.4-13.el8                                             @appstream             
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.1-9.20180224.el8                                         @baseos                
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.1-9.20180224.el8                                         @baseos                
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                              6.1-9.20180224.el8                                         @baseos                
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                           6.1-9.20180224.el8                                         @baseos                
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                 6.1-9.20180224.el8                                         @baseos                
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.1-9.20180224.el8                                         @baseos                
ncurses-term.noarch                                  6.1-9.20180224.el8                                         @baseos                
ndctl.x86_64                                         71.1-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
ndctl-devel.x86_64                                   71.1-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    71.1-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
nedit.x86_64                                         5.7-7.el8                                                  @epel                  
neon.x86_64                                          0.30.2-6.el8                                               @appstream             
neovim.x86_64                                        0.8.0-0.el8                                                @epel                  
net-snmp.x86_64                                      1:5.8-27.el8                                               @appstream             
net-snmp-agent-libs.x86_64                           1:5.8-27.el8                                               @appstream             
net-snmp-devel.x86_64                                1:5.8-27.el8                                               @appstream             
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.8-27.el8                                               @baseos                
net-snmp-utils.x86_64                                1:5.8-27.el8                                               @appstream             
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.52.20160912git.el8                                   @baseos                
netcdf.x86_64                                        4.7.0-2.el8                                                @epel                  
netcdf-devel.x86_64                                  4.7.0-2.el8                                                @epel                  
netcdf-static.x86_64                                 4.7.0-2.el8                                                @epel                  
netcf-libs.x86_64                                    0.2.8-12.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
netconsole-service.noarch                            10.00.18-1.el8                                             @baseos                
netlabel_tools.x86_64                                0.30.0-3.el8                                               @baseos                
netpbm.x86_64                                        10.82.00-7.el8                                             @appstream             
netpbm-progs.x86_64                                  10.82.00-7.el8                                             @appstream             
netstandard-targeting-pack-2.1.x86_64                7.0.107-1.el8_8                                            @appstream             
nettle.x86_64                                        3.4.1-7.el8                                                @baseos                
nettle-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.1-7.el8                                                @appstream             
network-scripts.x86_64                               10.00.18-1.el8                                             @baseos                
network-scripts-team.x86_64                          1.31-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
newt.x86_64                                          0.52.20-11.el8                                             @baseos                
newt-devel.x86_64                                    0.52.20-11.el8                                             @appstream             
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.3.3-59.el8                                             @baseos                
nfs4-acl-tools.x86_64                                0.3.5-3.el8                                                @baseos                
nftables.x86_64                                      1:0.9.3-26.el8                                             @baseos                
nispor.x86_64                                        1.2.10-1.el8                                               @appstream             
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.26.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
nmap.x86_64                                          2:7.70-8.el8                                               @appstream             
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     2:7.70-8.el8                                               @appstream             
nmstate.x86_64                                       1.4.4-2.el8_8                                              @appstream             
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:10.24.0-1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                    @appstream             
nodejs-devel.x86_64                                  1:10.24.0-1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                    @appstream             
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:10.24.0-1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                    @appstream             
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:10.24.0-1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                    @appstream             
nodejs-nodemon.noarch                                1.18.3-1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                       @appstream             
nodejs-packaging.noarch                              17-3.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                           @appstream             
npm.x86_64                                           1:6.14.11-1.10.24.0.1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154          @appstream             
npth.x86_64                                          1.5-4.el8                                                  @baseos                
nsight-compute-2021.3.0.x86_64                       2021.3.0.13-1                                              @cuda                  
nsight-compute-2021.3.1.x86_64                       2021.3.1.4-1                                               @cuda                  
nsight-compute-2022.1.0.x86_64                       2022.1.0.12-1                                              @cuda                  
nsight-compute-2022.1.1.x86_64                       2022.1.1.2-1                                               @cuda                  
nsight-compute-2023.2.0.x86_64                       2023.2.0.16-1                                              @cuda                  
nsight-compute-2023.2.2.x86_64                       2023.2.2.3-1                                               @cuda                  
nsight-compute-2023.3.1.x86_64                       2023.3.1.1-1                                               @cuda                  
nsight-systems-2021.3.3.x86_64                       2021.3.3.2_b99c4d6-0                                       @cuda                  
nsight-systems-2021.5.2.x86_64                       2021.5.2.53_28d0e6e-0                                      @cuda                  
nsight-systems-2023.2.3.x86_64                       2023.2.3.1004_33186433v0-0                                 @cuda                  
nsight-systems-2023.3.3.x86_64                       2023.3.3.42_233333266658v0-0                               @cuda                  
nspr.x86_64                                          4.34.0-3.el8_6                                             @appstream             
nspr-devel.x86_64                                    4.34.0-3.el8_6                                             @appstream             
nss.x86_64                                           3.79.0-11.el8_7                                            @appstream             
nss-devel.x86_64                                     3.79.0-11.el8_7                                            @appstream             
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.14.1-9.el8                                               @epel                  
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.79.0-11.el8_7                                            @appstream             
nss-softokn-devel.x86_64                             3.79.0-11.el8_7                                            @appstream             
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.79.0-11.el8_7                                            @appstream             
nss-softokn-freebl-devel.x86_64                      3.79.0-11.el8_7                                            @appstream             
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.79.0-11.el8_7                                            @appstream             
nss-tools.x86_64                                     3.79.0-11.el8_7                                            @appstream             
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.79.0-11.el8_7                                            @appstream             
nss-util-devel.x86_64                                3.79.0-11.el8_7                                            @appstream             
ntpstat.noarch                                       0.5-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
numactl.x86_64                                       2.0.12-13.el8                                              @baseos                
numactl-devel.x86_64                                 2.0.12-13.el8                                              @baseos                
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.12-13.el8                                              @baseos                
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-26.20150602git.el8                                     @baseos                
numatop.x86_64                                       2.2-3.el8                                                  @baseos                
nvidia-driver.x86_64                                 3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-driver-NVML.x86_64                            3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-driver-NvFBCOpenGL.x86_64                     3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-driver-cuda.x86_64                            3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-driver-cuda-libs.x86_64                       3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-driver-devel.x86_64                           3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-driver-libs.x86_64                            3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-fabric-manager.x86_64                         550.54.14-1                                                @cuda                  
nvidia-kmod-common.noarch                            3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-libXNVCtrl.x86_64                             3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-libXNVCtrl-devel.x86_64                       3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-modprobe.x86_64                               3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-persistenced.x86_64                           3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-settings.x86_64                               3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvidia-xconfig.x86_64                                3:550.54.14-1.el8                                          @cuda                  
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      1.16-7.el8                                                 @baseos                
nvmetcli.noarch                                      0.7-3.el8                                                  @baseos                
nvtop.x86_64                                         3.0.2-1.el8                                                @epel                  
nwipe.x86_64                                         0.34-2.el8                                                 @epel                  
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             5-4.el8                                                    @appstream             
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.2.12-1.el8                                               @appstream             
oddjob.x86_64                                        0.34.7-3.el8                                               @appstream             
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                              0.34.7-3.el8                                               @appstream             
ogdi.x86_64                                          4.1.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
okular.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
okular-libs.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
okular-part.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
omping.x86_64                                        0.0.4-18.el8                                               @appstream             
ongres-scram.noarch                                  1.0.0~beta.2-5.el8                                         @appstream             
ongres-scram-client.noarch                           1.0.0~beta.2-5.el8                                         @appstream             
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.8.2-2.el8                                                @appstream             
opa-address-resolution.x86_64                        1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el8                                        @baseos                
opa-basic-tools.x86_64                               1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el8                                        @baseos                
opa-fastfabric.x86_64                                1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el8                                        @baseos                
opa-fm.x86_64                                        1:10.11.2.0.3-1.el8                                        @baseos                
opa-libopamgt.x86_64                                 1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el8                                        @baseos                
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.1.5-1.el8                                               @appstream             
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.1.5-1.el8                                               @appstream             
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.18.2-7.el8                                               @appstream             
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.15-6.el8                                               @appstream             
openblas-devel.x86_64                                0.3.15-6.el8                                               @powertools            
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.15-6.el8                                               @powertools            
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                             0.3.15-6.el8                                               @powertools            
openblas-openmp64_.x86_64                            0.3.15-6.el8                                               @powertools            
openblas-serial64.x86_64                             0.3.15-6.el8                                               @powertools            
openblas-serial64_.x86_64                            0.3.15-6.el8                                               @powertools            
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-2.el8                                                    @appstream             
openblas-threads.x86_64                              0.3.15-6.el8                                               @appstream             
openblas-threads64.x86_64                            0.3.15-6.el8                                               @powertools            
openblas-threads64_.x86_64                           0.3.15-6.el8                                               @powertools            
opencl-filesystem.noarch                             1.0-6.el8                                                  @appstream             
openconnect.x86_64                                   8.20-1.el8                                                 @epel                  
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.5-7.el8                                                @rpmfusion-free-updates
opencryptoki-libs.x86_64                             3.19.0-2.el8                                               @baseos                
opencv-contrib.x86_64                                3.4.6-8.el8                                                @appstream             
opencv-core.x86_64                                   3.4.6-8.el8                                                @appstream             
openhpi.x86_64                                       3.8.0-10.el8                                               @baseos                
openhpi-libs.x86_64                                  3.8.0-10.el8                                               @baseos                
openjade.x86_64                                      1.3.2-57.el8                                               @powertools            
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.4.0-5.el8                                                @appstream             
openjpeg2-devel-docs.noarch                          2.4.0-5.el8                                                @appstream             
openjpeg2-tools.x86_64                               2.4.0-5.el8                                                @appstream             
openldap.x86_64                                      2.4.46-18.el8                                              @baseos                
openldap-clients.x86_64                              2.4.46-18.el8                                              @baseos                
openldap-devel.x86_64                                2.4.46-18.el8                                              @baseos                
opensc.x86_64                                        0.20.0-4.el8                                               @baseos                
openscap.x86_64                                      1.3.7-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                      @appstream             
openscap-engine-sce.x86_64                           1.3.7-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                      @appstream             
openscap-scanner.x86_64                              1.3.7-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                      @appstream             
openscap-utils.x86_64                                1.3.7-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                      @appstream             
openslide.x86_64                                     3.4.1-17.el8                                               @epel                  
openslide-devel.x86_64                               3.4.1-17.el8                                               @epel                  
openslide-tools.x86_64                               3.4.1-17.el8                                               @epel                  
opensm.x86_64                                        3.3.24-1.el8                                               @baseos                
opensm-libs.x86_64                                   3.3.24-1.el8                                               @baseos                
opensp.x86_64                                        1.5.2-28.el8                                               @powertools            
openssh.x86_64                                       8.0p1-17.el8_7                                             @baseos                
openssh-askpass.x86_64                               8.0p1-17.el8_7                                             @appstream             
openssh-clients.x86_64                               8.0p1-17.el8_7                                             @baseos                
openssh-server.x86_64                                8.0p1-17.el8_7                                             @baseos                
openssl.x86_64                                       1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                           @baseos                
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                           @baseos                
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                           @baseos                
openssl-perl.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                           @baseos                
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.10-3.el8                                               @baseos                
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.4.12-1.el8                                               @epel                  
opus.x86_64                                          1.3-0.4.beta.el8                                           @appstream             
opus-devel.x86_64                                    1.3-0.4.beta.el8                                           @appstream             
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.28-3.el8                                               @appstream             
orc-compiler.x86_64                                  0.4.28-3.el8                                               @appstream             
orc-devel.x86_64                                     0.4.28-3.el8                                               @appstream             
orca.noarch                                          3.28.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.74-9.el8                                                 @baseos                
osad.noarch                                          5.11.99-8.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      @appstream             
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20220727-2.el8                                             @appstream             
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.9.0-1.el8                                                @appstream             
ostree.x86_64                                        2022.2-6.el8                                               @appstream             
ostree-devel.x86_64                                  2022.2-6.el8                                               @appstream             
ostree-grub2.x86_64                                  2022.2-6.el8                                               @appstream             
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2022.2-6.el8                                               @appstream             
overpass-fonts.noarch                                3.0.2-3.el8                                                @appstream             
overpass-mono-fonts.noarch                           3.0.2-3.el8                                                @appstream             
owasp-java-encoder.noarch                            1.2.2-3.module+el8.4.0+405+66dfe7da                        @appstream             
oxygen-sound-theme.noarch                            5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.23.22-1.el8                                              @baseos                
p11-kit-devel.x86_64                                 0.23.22-1.el8                                              @baseos                
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.23.22-1.el8                                              @baseos                
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.23.22-1.el8                                              @baseos                
pakchois.x86_64                                      0.4-17.el8                                                 @appstream             
paktype-naqsh-fonts.noarch                           4.1-8.el8                                                  @appstream             
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     4.1-9.el8                                                  @appstream             
paktype-tehreer-fonts.noarch                         4.1-8.el8                                                  @appstream             
pam.x86_64                                           1.3.1-25.el8                                               @baseos                
pam-devel.x86_64                                     1.3.1-25.el8                                               @baseos                
pam-kwallet.x86_64                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
pandoc.x86_64                                        2.0.6-6.el8_6                                              @powertools            
pandoc-common.noarch                                 2.0.6-6.el8_6                                              @powertools            
pango.x86_64                                         1.42.4-8.el8                                               @appstream             
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.42.4-8.el8                                               @appstream             
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.40.1-6.el8                                               @appstream             
papi.x86_64                                          5.6.0-16.el8                                               @appstream             
papi-devel.x86_64                                    5.6.0-16.el8                                               @appstream             
papi-libs.x86_64                                     5.6.0-16.el8                                               @appstream             
paps.x86_64                                          0.6.8-41.el8                                               @appstream             
paps-libs.x86_64                                     0.6.8-41.el8                                               @appstream             
parallel.noarch                                      20190922-1.el8                                             @epel                  
paratype-pt-sans-caption-fonts.noarch                20141121-6.el8                                             @appstream             
paratype-pt-sans-fonts.noarch                        20141121-6.el8                                             @appstream             
parted.x86_64                                        3.2-39.el8                                                 @baseos                
passwd.x86_64                                        0.80-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-11.el8                                               @baseos                
patchutils.x86_64                                    0.3.4-10.el8                                               @appstream             
pavucontrol.x86_64                                   3.0-11.el8                                                 @appstream             
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.7.0-3.el8                                                @baseos                
pciutils-devel.x86_64                                3.7.0-3.el8                                                @baseos                
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.7.0-3.el8                                                @baseos                
pcp.x86_64                                           5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-conf.x86_64                                      5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-devel.x86_64                                     5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-doc.noarch                                       5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-export-pcp2elasticsearch.x86_64                  5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-export-pcp2graphite.x86_64                       5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-export-pcp2influxdb.x86_64                       5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-export-pcp2json.x86_64                           5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-export-pcp2spark.x86_64                          5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-export-pcp2xml.x86_64                            5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-export-pcp2zabbix.x86_64                         5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-export-zabbix-agent.x86_64                       5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-gui.x86_64                                       5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-import-collectl2pcp.x86_64                       5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-import-ganglia2pcp.x86_64                        5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-import-iostat2pcp.x86_64                         5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-import-mrtg2pcp.x86_64                           5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-import-sar2pcp.x86_64                            5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-libs.x86_64                                      5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-libs-devel.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-activemq.x86_64                             5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-apache.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-bash.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-bcc.x86_64                                  5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-bind2.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-bonding.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-bpftrace.x86_64                             5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-cifs.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-cisco.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-dbping.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-denki.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-dm.x86_64                                   5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-docker.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-ds389.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-ds389log.x86_64                             5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-elasticsearch.x86_64                        5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-gfs2.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-gluster.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-gpfs.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-gpsd.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-hacluster.x86_64                            5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-haproxy.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-infiniband.x86_64                           5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-json.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-libvirt.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-lio.x86_64                                  5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-lmsensors.x86_64                            5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-logger.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-lustre.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-lustrecomm.x86_64                           5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-mailq.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-memcache.x86_64                             5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-mic.x86_64                                  5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-mongodb.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-mounts.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-mssql.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-mysql.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-named.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-netcheck.x86_64                             5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-netfilter.x86_64                            5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-news.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-nfsclient.x86_64                            5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-nginx.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-nvidia-gpu.x86_64                           5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-openmetrics.x86_64                          5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-openvswitch.x86_64                          5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-oracle.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-pdns.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-perfevent.x86_64                            5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-podman.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-postfix.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-postgresql.x86_64                           5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-rabbitmq.x86_64                             5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-redis.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-roomtemp.x86_64                             5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-rsyslog.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-samba.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-sendmail.x86_64                             5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-shping.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-slurm.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-smart.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-snmp.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-sockets.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-statsd.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-summary.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-systemd.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-trace.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-unbound.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-weblog.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-zimbra.x86_64                               5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-pmda-zswap.x86_64                                5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-selinux.x86_64                                   5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-system-tools.x86_64                              5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-testsuite.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcp-zeroconf.x86_64                                  5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
pcre.x86_64                                          8.42-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                      8.42-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
pcre-devel.x86_64                                    8.42-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                    8.42-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                    8.42-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.32-3.el8_6                                              @baseos                
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.32-3.el8_6                                              @baseos                
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.32-3.el8_6                                              @baseos                
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.32-3.el8_6                                              @baseos                
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     1.9.5-1.el8                                                @baseos                
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.4.29-5.1.el8_4                                           @baseos                
pcsc-lite-doc.noarch                                 1.9.5-1.el8                                                @baseos                
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                1.9.5-1.el8                                                @baseos                
pdsh.x86_64                                          2.34-5.el8                                                 @epel                  
pdsh-rcmd-ssh.x86_64                                 2.34-5.el8                                                 @epel                  
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                1.1.3-17.el8                                               @appstream             
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                 1:0.9.4-15.el8                                             @appstream             
perf.x86_64                                          4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
perftest.x86_64                                      4.5.0.20-4.el8                                             @baseos                
peripety.x86_64                                      0.1.2-3.el8                                                @appstream             
perl.x86_64                                          4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                           1.1903-9.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-App-cpanminus.noarch                            1.7044-5.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                       @appstream             
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                              2.30-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                              1.60-3.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                       0.99-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                              2.16-13.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-B-Debug.noarch                                  1.26-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-B-Lint.noarch                                   1.20-11.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                               7.4-11.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-CGI.noarch                                      4.38-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-CPAN.noarch                                     2.18-397.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                        0.12-13.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                        @appstream             
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                2.150010-396.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-CPAN-Meta-Check.noarch                          0.014-6.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                        @appstream             
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                   2.140-396.el8                                              @appstream             
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                           0.018-397.el8                                              @appstream             
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.42-396.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                                6.06-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Class-ISA.noarch                                0.36-1022.el8                                              @appstream             
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                          1.32-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                   2.12-8.el8                                                 @powertools            
perl-Class-MethodMaker.x86_64                        2.24-17.el8                                                @epel                  
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.39-5.el8                                                 @powertools            
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                           2.26-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.081-1.el8                                                @baseos                
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.081-1.el8                                                @baseos                
perl-Config-General.noarch                           2.63-10.el8                                                @epel                  
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                            0.30-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                             0.27-17.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum.x86_64                     0.09-5.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA.x86_64                        0.31-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random.x86_64                     0.15-3.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-DBD-MySQL.x86_64                                4.046-3.module+el8.6.0+904+ef468285                        @appstream             
perl-DBD-Pg.x86_64                                   3.7.4-4.module+el8.6.0+900+c436f5d0                        @appstream             
perl-DBD-SQLite.x86_64                               1.58-2.module+el8.6.0+896+cac283ec                         @appstream             
perl-DBI.x86_64                                      1.641-4.module+el8.6.0+891+677074cb                        @appstream             
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                  1.842-1.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.23-7.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         @appstream             
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.167-399.el8                                              @baseos                
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.110-6.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Data-Section.noarch                             0.200007-3.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                                6.4-9.el8                                                  @appstream             
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                               6.60-2.el8                                                 @baseos                
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                  0.14-5.el8                                                 @powertools            
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                             3.36-5.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                               1.26-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                        1.06-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                               0.81-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.17-395.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.03-17.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        @appstream             
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.55-396.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.02-1.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:2.97-3.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Encode-Detect.x86_64                            1.01-28.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-10.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        @appstream             
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                             4:2.97-3.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Env.noarch                                      1.04-395.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.28-422.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17025-2.el8                                            @appstream             
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.72-396.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                            1.000000-4.el8                                             @powertools            
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                        1:0.280230-2.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                         1:7.34-1.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                           1.34-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                         2.14-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                        1:7.34-1.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                       1:7.34-1.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                        1.70-395.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                        1.06-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                         1:3.35-2.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-FCGI.x86_64                                     1:0.78-11.module+el8.6.0+916+2b7f97e1                      @appstream             
perl-Fedora-VSP.noarch                               0.001-9.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-File-CheckTree.noarch                           4.42-303.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                               0.56-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                             1.002-4.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.04-17.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        @appstream             
perl-File-Next.noarch                                1.18-1.el8                                                 @epel                  
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.15-2.el8                                                 @baseos                
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                            1.104-3.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-File-Slurp.noarch                               9999.19-19.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                0.230.600-1.el8                                            @baseos                
perl-File-Which.noarch                               1.22-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-File-pushd.noarch                               1.014-6.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                        @appstream             
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.58-2.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                            0.94-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Font-TTF.noarch                                 1.06-11.el8                                                @epel                  
perl-GD.x86_64                                       2.71-1.el8                                                 @epel                  
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                   0.28-25.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.50-4.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
perl-Git-SVN.noarch                                  2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream             
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.72-15.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        @appstream             
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.20-34.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        @appstream             
perl-HTML-Template.noarch                            2.97-10.el8                                                @epel                  
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                                1:5.07-2.el8                                               @powertools            
perl-HTML-TreeBuilder-LibXML.noarch                  0.26-25.el8                                                @epel                  
perl-HTML-TreeBuilder-XPath.noarch                   0.14-30.el8                                                @epel                  
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.04-2.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         @appstream             
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.02-19.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        @appstream             
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.18-1.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         @appstream             
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-19.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        @appstream             
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.074-1.el8                                                @baseos                
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.38-422.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.081-1.el8                                                @baseos                
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.001-11.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                       @appstream             
perl-IO-Multiplex.noarch                             1.16-9.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-IO-Socket-INET6.noarch                          2.72-12.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.39-5.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.066-4.module+el8.6.0+957+15d660ad                        @appstream             
perl-IO-String.noarch                                1.08-32.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                  1:1.10-422.el8                                             @baseos                
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                  2:1.02-1.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                 2.07-397.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.25-17.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Import-Into.noarch                              1.002005-7.el8                                             @powertools            
perl-JSON.noarch                                     2.97.001-2.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                  1:2.97.001-3.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-LDAP.noarch                                     1:0.66-7.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.02-15.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        @appstream             
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                       6.07-4.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         @appstream             
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                           0.428-2.el8                                                @powertools            
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                        0.428-3.el8                                                @powertools            
perl-Locale-Codes.noarch                             3.57-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.28-396.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                   1:0.21-422.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.15-396.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.13-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Mail-AuthenticationResults.noarch               2.20210112-1.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-Mail-DKIM.noarch                                1.20200907-1.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-Mail-SPF.noarch                                 2.9.0-15.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-MailTools.noarch                                2.20-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:1.9998.11-7.el8                                          @baseos                
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                     0.500.600-6.el8                                            @appstream             
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                              0.2614-1.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.59-422.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Math-Round.noarch                               0.07-18.el8                                                @epel                  
perl-Memoize.noarch                                  1.03-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Module-Build.noarch                             2:0.42.24-5.el8                                            @appstream             
perl-Module-CPANfile.noarch                          1.1002-7.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                       @appstream             
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                          1:5.20181130-1.el8                                         @appstream             
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                    1:5.20181130-1.el8                                         @appstream             
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                    0.09-15.el8                                                @powertools            
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.32-395.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                  0.68-395.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                            1:0.08-422.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                          1.000033-395.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-Module-Pluggable.noarch                         2:5.2-7.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                           0.016-2.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Moo.noarch                                      2.003004-7.el8                                             @epel                  
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20160104-7.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                     @appstream             
perl-Mozilla-LDAP.x86_64                             1.5.3-25.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-17.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        @appstream             
perl-Net-DNS.noarch                                  1.15-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.17-2.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         @appstream             
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                 2.55-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                             1.04-5.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.88-2.module+el8.6.0+957+15d660ad                         @appstream             
perl-Net-Server.noarch                               2.009-3.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-NetAddr-IP.x86_64                               4.079-7.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Number-Format.noarch                            1.75-13.el8                                                @epel                  
perl-PCP-LogImport.x86_64                            5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-PCP-LogSummary.x86_64                           5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-PCP-MMV.x86_64                                  5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-PCP-PMDA.x86_64                                 5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-11.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Parallel-ForkManager.noarch                     2.02-5.el8                                                 @epel                  
perl-Params-Check.noarch                             1:0.38-395.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.07-22.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                          1.29-5.el8                                                 @powertools            
perl-Parse-PMFile.noarch                             0.41-7.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                         @appstream             
perl-Parse-Yapp.noarch                               1.21-2.el8                                                 @baseos                
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.74-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                              1.010-396.el8                                              @appstream             
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                   0.08-395.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                              4:1.73-395.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-395.el8                                             @baseos                
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                 1.22.02-422.el8                                            @appstream             
perl-Pod-LaTeX.noarch                                0.61-302.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Pod-Parser.noarch                               1.63-396.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28-396.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Pod-Plainer.noarch                              1.04-7.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.35-395.el8                                             @baseos                
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:1.69-395.el8                                             @baseos                
perl-Readonly.noarch                                 2.05-5.el8                                                 @powertools            
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                            2017060201-11.el8                                          @epel                  
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                2.000006-2.el8                                             @powertools            
perl-SGMLSpm.noarch                                  1.03ii-42.el8                                              @powertools            
perl-SNMP_Session.noarch                             1.13-17.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        3:1.49-2.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                               1.23-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.027-3.el8                                              @baseos                
perl-Socket6.x86_64                                  0.28-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Software-License.noarch                         0.103013-2.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-Statistics-Basic.noarch                         1.6611-16.el8                                              @epel                  
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.11-3.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-String-CRC32.x86_64                             1.6-4.el8                                                  @appstream             
perl-String-ShellQuote.noarch                        1.04-24.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                        @appstream             
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.987-15.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                 0.001013-5.el8                                             @powertools            
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.928-14.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Sub-Quote.noarch                                2.006003-3.el8                                             @epel                  
perl-Switch.noarch                                   2.17-10.el8                                                @powertools            
perl-Sys-CPU.x86_64                                  0.61-14.el8                                                @baseos                
perl-Sys-Guestfs.x86_64                              1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
perl-Sys-MemInfo.x86_64                              0.99-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.35-397.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Sys-Virt.x86_64                                 8.0.0-1.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       @appstream             
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           4.06-396.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.17-395.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Term-ProgressBar.noarch                         2.22-7.el8                                                 @epel                  
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.37-7.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Test.noarch                                     1.30-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                             1:3.42-1.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                              1:1.302135-1.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                            2.03-395.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                1.45-2.el8                                                 @baseos                
perl-Text-Format.noarch                              0.61-6.el8                                                 @epel                  
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                0.11-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.30-395.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                             3.05-8.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2013.0523-395.el8                                          @baseos                
perl-Text-Template.noarch                            1.51-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-5.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.13-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9758-2.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               1:1.280-1.el8                                              @baseos                
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                               1.31-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.30-15.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                      @appstream             
perl-Tk.x86_64                                       804.034-2.el8                                              @appstream             
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.30-7.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         @appstream             
perl-URI.noarch                                      1.73-3.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                          1.25-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch                   1.33-13.el8                                                @powertools            
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.25-396.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-Unix-Syslog.x86_64                              1.1-29.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-18.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        @appstream             
perl-XML-Catalog.noarch                              1.03-11.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                               1:2.0132-2.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                     1.12-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.44-11.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                  1.00-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                             1.09-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-XML-Simple.noarch                               2.25-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-XML-TokeParser.noarch                           0.05-25.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.42-3.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-XML-XPathEngine.noarch                          0.14-23.el8                                                @epel                  
perl-YAML.noarch                                     1.24-3.module+el8.6.0+953+b8fc4031                         @appstream             
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.29-396.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-bignum.noarch                                   0.49-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-396.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-devel.x86_64                                    4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:2.22-3.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-experimental.noarch                             0.019-2.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-generators.noarch                               1.10-9.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-generators-epel.noarch                          1-1.el8                                                    @epel                  
perl-hivex.x86_64                                    1.3.18-23.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                     @appstream             
perl-inc-latest.noarch                               2:0.500-9.el8                                              @appstream             
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           @baseos                
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                             1.29-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.11-3.el8                                                 @appstream             
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           @baseos                
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.34-1.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         @appstream             
perl-libxml-perl.noarch                              0.08-33.el8                                                @appstream             
perl-local-lib.noarch                                2.000024-2.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-macros.x86_64                                   4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           @baseos                
perl-open.noarch                                     1.11-422.el8                                               @appstream             
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.237-1.el8                                              @baseos                
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                  5.20180605-1.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-podlators.noarch                                4.11-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-25.el8                                                   @appstream             
perl-tests.x86_64                                    4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           @appstream             
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.21-2.el8                                               @baseos                
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.58-2.el8                                                 @baseos                
perl-utils.noarch                                    5.26.3-422.el8                                             @appstream             
perl-version.x86_64                                  6:0.99.24-1.el8                                            @appstream             
pesign.x86_64                                        0.112-27.el8_7                                             @appstream             
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                    4.11.1-9.el8                                               @epel                  
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                  2:4.10.0-7.el8                                             @epel                  
php-cli.x86_64                                       7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       @appstream             
php-common.x86_64                                    7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       @appstream             
php-json.x86_64                                      7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       @appstream             
pigz.x86_64                                          2.4-4.el8                                                  @baseos                
pim-data-exporter.x86_64                             21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
pim-data-exporter-libs.x86_64                        21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
pim-sieve-editor.x86_64                              21.08.3-1.el8                                              @epel                  
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.1.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
pinentry-emacs.x86_64                                1.1.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.1.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
pinentry-gtk.x86_64                                  1.1.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.10-18.el8                                              @appstream             
pipewire.x86_64                                      0.3.6-1.el8                                                @appstream             
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 0.3.6-1.el8                                                @appstream             
pipewire0.2-libs.x86_64                              0.2.7-6.el8                                                @appstream             
pixman.x86_64                                        0.38.4-2.el8                                               @appstream             
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.38.4-2.el8                                               @appstream             
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.22-7.el8                                                 @epel                  
pkgconf.x86_64                                       1.4.2-1.el8                                                @baseos                
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.4.2-1.el8                                                @baseos                
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            1.4.2-1.el8                                                @baseos                
plasma-breeze.x86_64                                 5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                          5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-browser-integration.x86_64                    5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-desktop.x86_64                                5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-desktop-doc.noarch                            5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-discover.x86_64                               5.22.5-2.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-discover-flatpak.x86_64                       5.22.5-2.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-discover-libs.x86_64                          5.22.5-2.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-discover-notifier.x86_64                      5.22.5-2.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-discover-packagekit.x86_64                    5.22.5-2.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-discover-rpm-ostree.x86_64                    5.22.5-2.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-drkonqi.x86_64                                5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-integration.x86_64                            5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-lookandfeel-fedora.noarch                     5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-milou.x86_64                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-nm.x86_64                                     5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-nm-l2tp.x86_64                                5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-nm-openconnect.x86_64                         5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-nm-openswan.x86_64                            5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-nm-openvpn.x86_64                             5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-nm-pptp.x86_64                                5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-pa.x86_64                                     5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-systemmonitor.x86_64                          5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-systemsettings.x86_64                         5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-thunderbolt.x86_64                            5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-workspace.x86_64                              5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-workspace-common.x86_64                       5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-workspace-geolocation.x86_64                  5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-workspace-geolocation-libs.x86_64             5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-workspace-libs.x86_64                         5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-workspace-wayland.x86_64                      5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
plasma-workspace-x11.x86_64                          5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
platform-python.x86_64                               3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   @baseos                
platform-python-coverage.x86_64                      4.5.1-9.el8                                                @appstream             
platform-python-debug.x86_64                         3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   @appstream             
platform-python-devel.x86_64                         3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   @appstream             
platform-python-pip.noarch                           9.0.3-22.el8.rocky.0                                       @baseos                
platform-python-setuptools.noarch                    39.2.0-7.el8                                               @baseos                
plexus-cipher.noarch                                 1.7-14.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         @appstream             
plexus-classworlds.noarch                            2.5.2-9.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        @appstream             
plexus-containers-component-annotations.noarch       1.7.1-8.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        @appstream             
plexus-interpolation.noarch                          1.22-9.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         @appstream             
plexus-sec-dispatcher.noarch                         1.4-26.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         @appstream             
plexus-utils.noarch                                  3.1.0-3.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        @appstream             
plymouth.x86_64                                      0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-plugin-fade-throbber.x86_64                 0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-plugin-script.x86_64                        0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-plugin-space-flares.x86_64                  0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-plugin-throbgress.x86_64                    0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-theme-charge.x86_64                         0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-theme-fade-in.x86_64                        0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-theme-script.x86_64                         0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-theme-solar.x86_64                          0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-theme-spinfinity.x86_64                     0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            @appstream             
pmdk-convert.x86_64                                  1.7-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
pmempool.x86_64                                      1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
pmreorder.x86_64                                     1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
pnm2ppa.x86_64                                       1:1.04-40.el8                                              @appstream             
podman.x86_64                                        3:4.4.1-14.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                    @appstream             
podman-catatonit.x86_64                              3:4.4.1-14.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                    @appstream             
podman-docker.noarch                                 3:4.4.1-14.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                    @appstream             
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                3:4.4.1-14.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                    @appstream             
podman-plugins.x86_64                                3:4.4.1-14.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                    @appstream             
podman-remote.x86_64                                 3:4.4.1-14.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                    @appstream             
podman-tests.x86_64                                  3:4.4.1-14.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                    @appstream             
policycoreutils.x86_64                               2.9-24.el8                                                 @baseos                
policycoreutils-dbus.noarch                          2.9-24.el8                                                 @baseos                
policycoreutils-devel.x86_64                         2.9-24.el8                                                 @baseos                
policycoreutils-gui.noarch                           2.9-24.el8                                                 @appstream             
policycoreutils-newrole.x86_64                       2.9-24.el8                                                 @baseos                
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  2.9-24.el8                                                 @baseos                
policycoreutils-restorecond.x86_64                   2.9-24.el8                                                 @baseos                
policycoreutils-sandbox.x86_64                       2.9-24.el8                                                 @appstream             
polkit.x86_64                                        0.115-15.el8                                               @baseos                
polkit-devel.x86_64                                  0.115-15.el8                                               @baseos                
polkit-docs.noarch                                   0.115-15.el8                                               @baseos                
polkit-kde.x86_64                                    5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   0.115-15.el8                                               @baseos                
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-12.el8                                                 @baseos                
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                  0.114.0-3.el8                                              @epel                  
poppler.x86_64                                       20.11.0-6.el8                                              @appstream             
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.9-1.el8                                                @appstream             
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  20.11.0-6.el8                                              @appstream             
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                   20.11.0-6.el8                                              @appstream             
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 20.11.0-6.el8                                              @appstream             
popt.x86_64                                          1.18-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
popt-devel.x86_64                                    1.18-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
portreserve.x86_64                                   0.0.5-19.el8                                               @baseos                
postfix.x86_64                                       2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              @baseos                
postfix-cdb.x86_64                                   2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              @appstream             
postfix-ldap.x86_64                                  2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              @appstream             
postfix-pcre.x86_64                                  2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              @appstream             
postfix-perl-scripts.x86_64                          2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              @appstream             
postfix-sqlite.x86_64                                2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              @appstream             
potrace.x86_64                                       1.15-3.el8                                                 @appstream             
powerdevil.x86_64                                    5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
powertop.x86_64                                      2.15-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
ppp.x86_64                                           2.4.7-26.el8_1                                             @baseos                
pprof.noarch                                         1:2.7-9.el8                                                @epel                  
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-4.el8                                               @appstream             
prefixdevname.x86_64                                 0.1.0-6.el8                                                @baseos                
procmail.x86_64                                      3.22-47.el8                                                @appstream             
procps-ng.x86_64                                     3.3.15-14.el8                                              @baseos                
procps-ng-devel.x86_64                               3.3.15-14.el8                                              @powertools            
procps-ng-i18n.noarch                                3.3.15-14.el8                                              @baseos                
proj.x86_64                                          6.3.2-4.el8                                                @epel                  
proj-datumgrid.noarch                                1.8-6.3.2.4.el8                                            @epel                  
proj-devel.x86_64                                    6.3.2-4.el8                                                @epel                  
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.5.0-15.el8                                               @appstream             
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.3.0-6.el8                                                @appstream             
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                 3.5.0-15.el8                                               @appstream             
ps_mem.noarch                                        3.6-9.el8                                                  @baseos                
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.3-4.el8                                                @baseos                
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.1-5.el8                                                 @baseos                
publicsuffix-list.noarch                             20180723-1.el8                                             @baseos                
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20180723-1.el8                                             @baseos                
pugixml.x86_64                                       1.13-1.el8                                                 @epel                  
pulseaudio.x86_64                                    14.0-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               14.0-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
pulseaudio-libs-devel.x86_64                         14.0-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         14.0-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64                   14.0-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
pulseaudio-module-x11.x86_64                         14.0-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              14.0-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
pygobject2.x86_64                                    2.28.7-4.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       @appstream             
pygobject2-codegen.x86_64                            2.28.7-4.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       @appstream             
pygobject2-devel.x86_64                              2.28.7-4.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       @appstream             
pygobject2-doc.x86_64                                2.28.7-4.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       @appstream             
pygtk2.x86_64                                        2.24.0-24.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                      @appstream             
pygtk2-codegen.x86_64                                2.24.0-24.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                      @appstream             
pygtk2-devel.x86_64                                  2.24.0-24.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                      @appstream             
pygtk2-doc.noarch                                    2.24.0-24.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                      @appstream             
pykickstart.noarch                                   3.16.15-1.el8                                              @appstream             
python-neovim-doc.noarch                             0.4.3-1.el8                                                @epel                  
python-nose-docs.noarch                              1.3.7-31.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python-podman-api.noarch                             1.2.0-0.2.gitd0a45fe.module_el8.3.0+475+c50ce30b           @AppStream             
python-psycopg2-doc.x86_64                           2.7.5-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python-pymongo-doc.noarch                            3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                        @appstream             
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.15.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
python-requests-futures.noarch                       1.0.0-2.el8                                                @epel                  
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3-45.el8                                                   @appstream             
python-sqlalchemy-doc.noarch                         1.3.2-2.module+el8.4.0+597+ddf0ddea                        @appstream             
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3-45.el8                                                   @appstream             
python-virtualenv-doc.noarch                         15.1.0-22.module+el8.8.0+1166+572f522f                     @appstream             
python2.x86_64                                       2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         @appstream             
python2-Cython.x86_64                                0.28.1-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python2-PyMySQL.noarch                               0.8.0-10.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python2-attrs.noarch                                 17.4.0-10.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                      @appstream             
python2-babel.noarch                                 2.5.1-10.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python2-backports.x86_64                             1.0-16.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                         @appstream             
python2-backports-ssl_match_hostname.noarch          3.5.0.1-12.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                     @appstream             
python2-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.6.3-2.el8.1                                              @epel                  
python2-bson.x86_64                                  3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-cairo.x86_64                                 1.16.3-6.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       @appstream             
python2-cairo-devel.x86_64                           1.16.3-6.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       @appstream             
python2-chardet.noarch                               3.0.4-10.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python2-coverage.x86_64                              4.5.1-4.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-cssselect.noarch                             0.9.2-10.el8                                               @epel                  
python2-debug.x86_64                                 2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         @appstream             
python2-devel.x86_64                                 2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         @appstream             
python2-dns.noarch                                   1.15.0-10.module+el8.7.0+1062+663ba31c                     @appstream             
python2-docs.noarch                                  2.7.16-2.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       @appstream             
python2-docs-info.noarch                             2.7.16-2.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       @appstream             
python2-docutils.noarch                              0.14-12.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                        @appstream             
python2-funcsigs.noarch                              1.0.2-13.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       @appstream             
python2-idna.noarch                                  2.5-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                          @appstream             
python2-ipaddress.noarch                             1.0.18-6.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       @appstream             
python2-jinja2.noarch                                2.10-9.module+el8.7.0+1062+663ba31c                        @appstream             
python2-libs.x86_64                                  2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         @appstream             
python2-lxml.x86_64                                  4.2.3-6.module+el8.6.0+793+57002515                        @appstream             
python2-markupsafe.x86_64                            0.23-19.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-mock.noarch                                  2.0.0-13.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       @appstream             
python2-nose.noarch                                  1.3.7-31.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python2-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.14.2-16.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                    @appstream             
python2-numpy-doc.noarch                             1:1.14.2-16.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                    @appstream             
python2-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:1.14.2-16.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                    @appstream             
python2-pip.noarch                                   9.0.3-19.module+el8.6.0+793+57002515                       @appstream             
python2-pip-wheel.noarch                             9.0.3-19.module+el8.6.0+793+57002515                       @appstream             
python2-pluggy.noarch                                0.6.0-8.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-psycopg2.x86_64                              2.7.5-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-psycopg2-debug.x86_64                        2.7.5-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-psycopg2-tests.x86_64                        2.7.5-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-py.noarch                                    1.5.3-6.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-pygments.noarch                              2.2.0-22.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python2-pymongo.x86_64                               3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-pymongo-gridfs.x86_64                        3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-pysocks.noarch                               1.6.8-6.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-pytest.noarch                                3.4.2-13.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python2-pytest-mock.noarch                           1.9.0-4.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                        @appstream             
python2-pytz.noarch                                  2017.2-12.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                      @appstream             
python2-pyyaml.x86_64                                3.12-16.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        @appstream             
python2-requests.noarch                              2.20.0-3.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python2-rpm-macros.noarch                            3-38.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                           @appstream             
python2-scipy.x86_64                                 1.0.0-21.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python2-scour.noarch                                 0.35-9.module+el8.4.0+533+773bb730                         @appstream             
python2-setuptools.noarch                            39.0.1-13.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                      @appstream             
python2-setuptools-wheel.noarch                      39.0.1-13.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                      @appstream             
python2-setuptools_scm.noarch                        1.15.7-6.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       @appstream             
python2-six.noarch                                   1.11.0-6.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       @appstream             
python2-sqlalchemy.x86_64                            1.3.2-2.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                        @appstream             
python2-test.x86_64                                  2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         @appstream             
python2-tkinter.x86_64                               2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         @appstream             
python2-tools.x86_64                                 2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         @appstream             
python2-urllib3.noarch                               1.24.2-3.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       @appstream             
python2-virtualenv.noarch                            15.1.0-21.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e                     @appstream             
python2-wheel.noarch                                 1:0.31.1-3.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                     @appstream             
python2-wheel-wheel.noarch                           1:0.31.1-3.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                     @appstream             
python3-PyMySQL.noarch                               0.10.1-2.module+el8.4.0+597+ddf0ddea                       @appstream             
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
python3-abrt-addon.x86_64                            2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
python3-abrt-doc.noarch                              2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    @appstream             
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           1.9.3-6.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-argh.noarch                                  0.26.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-asn1crypto.noarch                            0.24.0-3.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-attrs.noarch                                 17.4.0-6.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-audit.x86_64                                 3.0.7-4.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-augeas.noarch                                0.5.0-12.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-avahi.x86_64                                 0.7-20.el8                                                 @baseos                
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.5.1-7.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-bcc.x86_64                                   0.25.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.6.3-2.el8.1                                              @epel                  
python3-bind.noarch                                  32:9.11.36-8.el8                                           @appstream             
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.6.0-4.el8                                              @appstream             
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              2.28-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.6.7-32.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-bson.x86_64                                  3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                        @appstream             
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              1.4-3.el8                                                  @appstream             
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.16.3-6.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.11.5-5.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-chardet.noarch                               3.0.4-7.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-clang.x86_64                                 15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
python3-click.noarch                                 6.7-8.el8                                                  @appstream             
python3-cloud-what.x86_64                            1.28.36-2.el8                                              @baseos                
python3-clustershell.noarch                          1.9.1-1.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-configobj.noarch                             5.0.6-11.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-configshell.noarch                           1:1.1.28-1.el8                                             @baseos                
python3-coverage.x86_64                              4.5.1-9.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-cpio.noarch                                  0.1-29.el8                                                 @appstream             
python3-createrepo_c.x86_64                          0.17.7-6.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-criu.x86_64                                  3.15-4.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                        @appstream             
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          3.2.1-5.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-cssselect.noarch                             0.9.2-10.el8                                               @epel                  
python3-cups.x86_64                                  1.9.72-21.el8.rocky                                        @appstream             
python3-cycler.noarch                                0.10.0-11.el8                                              @epel                  
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.2-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.6.1-6.el8                                              @baseos                
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.2.4-15.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-dbus-client-gen.noarch                       0.4-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
python3-dbus-python-client-gen.noarch                0.7-3.el8                                                  @appstream             
python3-dbus-signature-pyparsing.noarch              0.03-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
python3-decorator.noarch                             4.2.1-2.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-distro.noarch                                1.4.0-2.module+el8.3.0+120+426d8baf                        @appstream             
python3-dmidecode.x86_64                             3.12.3-2.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.7.0-16.el8_8                                             @baseos                
python3-dnf-plugin-post-transaction-actions.noarch   4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            @baseos                
python3-dnf-plugin-spacewalk.noarch                  2.8.5-11.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                       @appstream             
python3-dnf-plugin-versionlock.noarch                4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            @baseos                
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            @baseos                
python3-dns.noarch                                   1.15.0-11.el8                                              @baseos                
python3-docs.noarch                                  3.6.7-2.module+el8.4.0+597+ddf0ddea                        @appstream             
python3-docutils.noarch                              0.14-12.module+el8.4.0+597+ddf0ddea                        @appstream             
python3-enchant.noarch                               2.0.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-ethtool.x86_64                               0.14-5.el8                                                 @baseos                
python3-evdev.x86_64                                 1.1.2-3.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-firewall.noarch                              0.9.3-13.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-flask.noarch                                 1:0.12.2-4.el8                                             @appstream             
python3-gevent.x86_64                                1.2.2-4.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.28.3-2.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.28.3-2.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.13.1-11.el8                                              @baseos                
python3-greenlet.x86_64                              0.4.13-4.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                1.5.1-5.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.63.0-14.el8_8                                            @baseos                
python3-hivex.x86_64                                 1.3.18-23.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                     @appstream             
python3-html5lib.noarch                              1:0.999999999-6.el8                                        @appstream             
python3-humanize.noarch                              0.5.1-13.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-hwdata.noarch                                2.3.6-3.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-idle.x86_64                                  3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   @appstream             
python3-idna.noarch                                  2.5-5.el8                                                  @baseos                
python3-iniparse.noarch                              0.4-31.el8                                                 @baseos                
python3-inotify.noarch                               0.9.6-13.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-into-dbus-python.noarch                      0.06-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
python3-ipaclient.noarch                             4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      @appstream             
python3-ipalib.noarch                                4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      @appstream             
python3-iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                 6.2.1.4-4.git095f59c.el8                                   @baseos                
python3-itsdangerous.noarch                          0.24-14.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-jabberpy.noarch                              0.5-0.38.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-jinja2.noarch                                2.10.1-3.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-jmespath.noarch                              0.9.0-11.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-jsonpatch.noarch                             1.21-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
python3-jsonpointer.noarch                           1.10-11.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-jsonschema.noarch                            2.6.0-4.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-justbases.noarch                             0.14-4.el8                                                 @appstream             
python3-justbytes.noarch                             0.14-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
python3-jwcrypto.noarch                              0.5.0-1.1.module+el8.7.0+1074+aae18f3a                     @appstream             
python3-jwt.noarch                                   1.6.1-2.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-keycloak-httpd-client-install.noarch         1.0-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.16.15-1.el8                                              @appstream             
python3-kiwisolver.x86_64                            1.1.0-3.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-kmod.x86_64                                  0.9-20.el8                                                 @baseos                
python3-koan.noarch                                  2.0.7.1-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      @appstream             
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.51-4.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-ldap.x86_64                                  3.3.1-2.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-ldb.x86_64                                   2.6.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.18-1.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.63.0-14.el8_8                                            @baseos                
python3-libguestfs.x86_64                            1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
python3-libipa_hbac.x86_64                           2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-libnl3.x86_64                                3.7.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-libnmstate.noarch                            1.4.4-2.el8_8                                              @appstream             
python3-libproxy.noarch                              0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             @baseos                
python3-librepo.x86_64                               1.14.2-4.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @appstream             
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   @baseos                
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            2.9-8.el8                                                  @baseos                
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           2.9-9.el8_6                                                @baseos                
python3-libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                      2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-libstoragemgmt.x86_64                        1.9.1-3.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-libuser.x86_64                               0.62-25.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-libvirt.x86_64                               8.0.0-2.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       @appstream             
python3-libvoikko.noarch                             4.1.1-3.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-libxml2.x86_64                               2.9.7-16.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-linux-procfs.noarch                          0.7.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-lit.noarch                                   15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
python3-lldb.x86_64                                  15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      @appstream             
python3-louis.noarch                                 2.6.2-21.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  4.2.3-4.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-magic.noarch                                 5.33-24.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.0.6-14.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            0.23-19.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-matplotlib.x86_64                            3.0.3-4.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-matplotlib-data.noarch                       3.0.3-4.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-matplotlib-data-fonts.noarch                 3.0.3-4.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-matplotlib-doc.x86_64                        3.0.3-4.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-matplotlib-tk.x86_64                         3.0.3-4.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.47.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.47.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-msgpack.x86_64                               0.6.2-1.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-neovim.noarch                                0.4.3-1.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-netaddr.noarch                               0.7.19-8.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-netifaces.x86_64                             0.10.6-4.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-networkx.noarch                              1.11-16.1.el8                                              @appstream             
python3-networkx-core.noarch                         1.11-16.1.el8                                              @appstream             
python3-newt.x86_64                                  0.52.20-11.el8                                             @appstream             
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:0.9.3-26.el8                                             @baseos                
python3-nispor.noarch                                1.2.10-1.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-nose.noarch                                  1.3.7-31.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       @appstream             
python3-ntplib.noarch                                0.3.3-10.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.14.3-10.el8                                            @appstream             
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:1.14.3-10.el8                                            @appstream             
python3-oauthlib.noarch                              2.1.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-openipmi.x86_64                              2.0.31-3.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-ordered-set.noarch                           2.0.2-4.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-osa-common.noarch                            5.11.99-8.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      @appstream             
python3-osad.noarch                                  5.11.99-8.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      @appstream             
python3-pcp.x86_64                                   5.3.7-16.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-perf.x86_64                                  4.18.0-477.15.1.el8_8                                      @baseos                
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.3.1-3.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.1.1-7.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-pillow.x86_64                                5.1.1-18.el8_5                                             @appstream             
python3-pip.noarch                                   9.0.3-22.el8.rocky.0                                       @appstream             
python3-pip-wheel.noarch                             9.0.3-22.el8.rocky.0                                       @baseos                
python3-pluggy.noarch                                0.6.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.9-9.el8                                                  @baseos                
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       2.9-24.el8                                                 @baseos                
python3-prettytable.noarch                           0.7.2-14.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.11-3.el8                                                 @appstream             
python3-protobuf.noarch                              3.5.0-15.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.4.3-11.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-psycopg2.x86_64                              2.7.5-7.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.5.2-4.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.4-6.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-py.noarch                                    1.5.3-4.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             19.0.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                0.3.7-6.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                        0.3.7-6.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.26.0-6.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.14-14.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.43.0.2-4.el8                                             @appstream             
python3-pydbus.noarch                                0.6.0-5.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.2.0-22.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       @appstream             
python3-pymongo.x86_64                               3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                        @appstream             
python3-pymongo-gridfs.x86_64                        3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                        @appstream             
python3-pyodbc.x86_64                                4.0.30-2.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             2.1.10-7.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.11.7-4.el8                                             @appstream             
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                             4.19.25-1.el8                                              @appstream             
python3-pyserial.noarch                              3.1.1-8.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.6.8-3.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-pytest.noarch                                3.4.2-11.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-pytoml.noarch                                0.1.14-5.git7dea353.el8                                    @appstream             
python3-pytz.noarch                                  2017.2-9.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.21.0-7.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-pyusb.noarch                                 1.0.0-9.1.module+el8.7.0+1074+aae18f3a                     @appstream             
python3-pywbem.noarch                                0.11.0-8.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.25-16.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                3.12-12.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-qrcode.noarch                                5.1-12.module+el8.4.0+430+1dcf16bb                         @appstream             
python3-qrcode-core.noarch                           5.1-12.module+el8.4.0+430+1dcf16bb                         @appstream             
python3-qt5.x86_64                                   5.15.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                              5.15.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-reportlab.x86_64                             3.4.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-requests.noarch                              2.20.0-2.1.el8_1                                           @baseos                
python3-requests-cache.noarch                        0.5.1-3.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.4.3-5.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-11.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-requests-oauthlib.noarch                     1.0.0-1.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-requests-toolbelt.noarch                     0.9.1-4.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-requests-unixsocket.noarch                   0.1.5-5.el8                                                @epel                  
python3-rhn-check.x86_64                             2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      @appstream             
python3-rhn-client-tools.x86_64                      2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      @appstream             
python3-rhn-setup.x86_64                             2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      @appstream             
python3-rhn-setup-gnome.x86_64                       2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      @appstream             
python3-rhn-virtualization-common.noarch             5.4.70-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                       @appstream             
python3-rhn-virtualization-host.noarch               5.4.70-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                       @appstream             
python3-rhncfg.noarch                                5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    @appstream             
python3-rhncfg-actions.noarch                        5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    @appstream             
python3-rhncfg-client.noarch                         5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    @appstream             
python3-rhncfg-management.noarch                     5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    @appstream             
python3-rhnlib.noarch                                2.8.6-8.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                        @appstream             
python3-rhnpush.noarch                               5.5.110-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      @appstream             
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        5-8.el8                                                    @appstream             
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3-45.el8                                                   @appstream             
python3-rpmfluff.noarch                              0.5.7.1-2.el8                                              @appstream             
python3-rtslib.noarch                                2.1.75-4.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-sanlock.x86_64                               3.8.4-4.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-schedutils.x86_64                            0.6-6.el8                                                  @baseos                
python3-scipy.x86_64                                 1.0.0-21.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       @appstream             
python3-scour.noarch                                 0.35-10.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-semantic_version.noarch                      2.6.0-5.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-setuptools.noarch                            39.2.0-7.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-setuptools-wheel.noarch                      39.2.0-7.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.1.3-1.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-six.noarch                                   1.11.0-8.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-slip.noarch                                  0.6.4-13.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                             0.6.4-13.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-spacewalk-abrt.noarch                        2.8.3-5.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        @appstream             
python3-spacewalk-backend-libs.noarch                2.8.48-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                       @appstream             
python3-spacewalk-koan.noarch                        2.8.6-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        @appstream             
python3-spacewalk-oscap.noarch                       2.8.5-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        @appstream             
python3-spacewalk-usix.noarch                        2.8.1-5.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        @appstream             
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.8.8-6.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-sqlalchemy.x86_64                            1.3.2-2.module+el8.4.0+597+ddf0ddea                        @appstream             
python3-sss.x86_64                                   2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-sss-murmur.x86_64                            2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-sssdconfig.noarch                            2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-subscription-manager-rhsm.x86_64             1.28.36-2.el8                                              @baseos                
python3-suds.noarch                                  0.7-0.11.94664ddd46a6.el8                                  @appstream             
python3-sushy.noarch                                 1.3.1-3.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-syspurpose.x86_64                            1.28.36-2.el8                                              @baseos                
python3-systemd.x86_64                               234-8.el8                                                  @appstream             
python3-talloc.x86_64                                2.3.4-1.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-tbb.x86_64                                   2018.2-9.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-tdb.x86_64                                   1.4.7-1.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-test.x86_64                                  3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   @baseos                
python3-tevent.x86_64                                0.13.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   @appstream             
python3-toml.noarch                                  0.10.0-3.el8                                               @epel                  
python3-tracer.noarch                                0.7.5-2.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.16.2-5.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.24.2-5.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-urwid.x86_64                                 1.3.1-4.el8                                                @baseos                
python3-varlink.noarch                               29.0.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
python3-virtualenv.noarch                            15.1.0-22.module+el8.8.0+1166+572f522f                     @appstream             
python3-webencodings.noarch                          0.5.1-6.el8                                                @appstream             
python3-werkzeug.noarch                              0.12.2-4.el8                                               @appstream             
python3-wheel.noarch                                 1:0.31.1-3.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                     @appstream             
python3-wheel-wheel.noarch                           1:0.31.1-3.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                     @appstream             
python3-yubico.noarch                                1.3.2-9.1.module+el8.7.0+1074+aae18f3a                     @appstream             
python36.x86_64                                      3.6.8-38.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       @appstream             
python36-debug.x86_64                                3.6.8-38.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       @appstream             
python36-devel.x86_64                                3.6.8-38.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       @appstream             
python38.x86_64                                      3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    @appstream             
python38-Cython.x86_64                               0.29.14-4.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                      @appstream             
python38-PyMySQL.noarch                              0.10.1-1.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       @appstream             
python38-asn1crypto.noarch                           1.2.0-3.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                        @appstream             
python38-babel.noarch                                2.7.0-11.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       @appstream             
python38-cffi.x86_64                                 1.13.2-3.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                       @appstream             
python38-chardet.noarch                              3.0.4-19.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                       @appstream             
python38-cryptography.x86_64                         2.8-3.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                          @appstream             
python38-debug.x86_64                                3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    @appstream             
python38-devel.x86_64                                3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    @appstream             
python38-idle.x86_64                                 3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    @appstream             
python38-idna.noarch                                 2.8-6.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                          @appstream             
python38-jinja2.noarch                               2.11.3-1.module+el8.7.0+1063+20f2b9a4                      @appstream             
python38-libs.x86_64                                 3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    @appstream             
python38-lxml.x86_64                                 4.4.1-7.module+el8.6.0+794+eba84017                        @appstream             
python38-markupsafe.x86_64                           1.1.1-6.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                        @appstream             
python38-numpy.x86_64                                1.17.3-6.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       @appstream             
python38-numpy-doc.noarch                            1.17.3-6.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       @appstream             
python38-numpy-f2py.x86_64                           1.17.3-6.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       @appstream             
python38-pip.noarch                                  19.3.1-6.module+el8.7.0+1063+20f2b9a4                      @appstream             
python38-pip-wheel.noarch                            19.3.1-6.module+el8.7.0+1063+20f2b9a4                      @appstream             
python38-ply.noarch                                  3.11-10.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                        @appstream             
python38-psutil.x86_64                               5.6.4-4.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                        @appstream             
python38-psycopg2.x86_64                             2.8.4-4.module+el8.6.0+794+eba84017                        @appstream             
python38-psycopg2-doc.x86_64                         2.8.4-4.module+el8.6.0+794+eba84017                        @appstream             
python38-psycopg2-tests.x86_64                       2.8.4-4.module+el8.6.0+794+eba84017                        @appstream             
python38-pycparser.noarch                            2.19-3.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                         @appstream             
python38-pysocks.noarch                              1.7.1-4.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                        @appstream             
python38-pytz.noarch                                 2019.3-3.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                       @appstream             
python38-pyyaml.x86_64                               5.4.1-1.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                        @appstream             
python38-requests.noarch                             2.22.0-9.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                       @appstream             
python38-rpm-macros.noarch                           3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    @appstream             
python38-scipy.x86_64                                1.3.1-4.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                        @appstream             
python38-setuptools.noarch                           41.6.0-5.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       @appstream             
python38-setuptools-wheel.noarch                     41.6.0-5.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       @appstream             
python38-six.noarch                                  1.12.0-10.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                      @appstream             
python38-test.x86_64                                 3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    @appstream             
python38-tkinter.x86_64                              3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    @appstream             
python38-urllib3.noarch                              1.25.7-5.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       @appstream             
python38-wheel.noarch                                0.33.6-6.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       @appstream             
python38-wheel-wheel.noarch                          0.33.6-6.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       @appstream             
python39.x86_64                                      3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1111+d03fad2b                      @appstream             
python39-chardet.noarch                              3.0.4-19.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                       @appstream             
python39-idna.noarch                                 2.10-3.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                         @appstream             
python39-libs.x86_64                                 3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1111+d03fad2b                      @appstream             
python39-pip.noarch                                  20.2.4-7.module+el8.7.0+1064+ad564229                      @appstream             
python39-pip-wheel.noarch                            20.2.4-7.module+el8.7.0+1064+ad564229                      @appstream             
python39-pysocks.noarch                              1.7.1-4.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                        @appstream             
python39-requests.noarch                             2.25.0-2.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                       @appstream             
python39-setuptools.noarch                           50.3.2-4.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                       @appstream             
python39-setuptools-wheel.noarch                     50.3.2-4.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                       @appstream             
python39-six.noarch                                  1.15.0-3.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                       @appstream             
python39-tkinter.x86_64                              3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1111+d03fad2b                      @appstream             
python39-toml.noarch                                 0.10.1-5.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                       @appstream             
python39-urllib3.noarch                              1.25.10-4.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                      @appstream             
python39-wheel-wheel.noarch                          1:0.35.1-4.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                     @appstream             
qca-qt5.x86_64                                       2.3.4-2.el8                                                @epel                  
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                  2.3.4-2.el8                                                @epel                  
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-img.x86_64                                      15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-block-curl.x86_64                           15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-block-gluster.x86_64                        15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-block-iscsi.x86_64                          15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-block-rbd.x86_64                            15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-block-ssh.x86_64                            15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-common.x86_64                               15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-core.x86_64                                 15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-docs.x86_64                                 15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-hw-usbredir.x86_64                          15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-ui-opengl.x86_64                            15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qemu-kvm-ui-spice.x86_64                             15:6.2.0-32.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
qgnomeplatform.x86_64                                0.7.1-3.el8                                                @appstream             
qgpgme.x86_64                                        1.13.1-11.el8                                              @appstream             
qpdf.x86_64                                          7.1.1-10.el8                                               @appstream             
qpdf-doc.noarch                                      7.1.1-10.el8                                               @appstream             
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     7.1.1-10.el8                                               @appstream             
qperf.x86_64                                         0.4.11-2.el8                                               @appstream             
qqc2-desktop-style.x86_64                            5.96.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 3.4.4-5.el8                                                @appstream             
qt5-assistant.x86_64                                 5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-designer.x86_64                                  5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-doctools.x86_64                                  5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-linguist.x86_64                                  5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qdbusviewer.x86_64                               5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qt3d-devel.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qt3d-examples.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtaccountsservice.x86_64                         0.6.0-18.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtaccountsservice-devel.x86_64                   0.6.0-18.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtbase-examples.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtbase-odbc.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtbase-postgresql.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtbase-private-devel.x86_64                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtbase-static.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               @powertools            
qt5-qtcanvas3d.x86_64                                5.12.5-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtcanvas3d-examples.x86_64                       5.12.5-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtcharts.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtcharts-devel.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtcharts-examples.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtconfiguration.x86_64                           0.3.1-14.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtconfiguration-devel.x86_64                     0.3.1-14.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtconnectivity-devel.x86_64                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtconnectivity-examples.x86_64                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtdatavis3d.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtdatavis3d-devel.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtdatavis3d-examples.x86_64                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtdeclarative-examples.x86_64                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtdeclarative-static.x86_64                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               @powertools            
qt5-qtdoc.noarch                                     5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtenginio.x86_64                                 1:1.6.2-38.el8                                             @epel                  
qt5-qtenginio-devel.x86_64                           1:1.6.2-38.el8                                             @epel                  
qt5-qtenginio-examples.x86_64                        1:1.6.2-38.el8                                             @epel                  
qt5-qtfeedback.x86_64                                20180903gita14bd0b-4.el8                                   @epel                  
qt5-qtfeedback-devel.x86_64                          20180903gita14bd0b-4.el8                                   @epel                  
qt5-qtgamepad.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtgamepad-devel.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtgamepad-examples.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtlocation-devel.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtlocation-examples.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtmultimedia-devel.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtmultimedia-examples.x86_64                     5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtnetworkauth.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtnetworkauth-devel.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtnetworkauth-examples.x86_64                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtquickcontrols-examples.x86_64                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-devel.x86_64                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               @powertools            
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-examples.x86_64                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtremoteobjects.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtremoteobjects-devel.x86_64                     5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtremoteobjects-examples.x86_64                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtscript-devel.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtscript-examples.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtscxml.x86_64                                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtscxml-devel.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtscxml-examples.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtsensors-devel.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtsensors-examples.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtserialbus.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtserialbus-devel.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               @powertools            
qt5-qtserialbus-examples.x86_64                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtserialport-devel.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtserialport-examples.x86_64                     5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtspeech-devel.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtspeech-examples.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtstyleplugins.x86_64                            5.0.0-47.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtsvg-devel.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtsvg-examples.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qttools.x86_64                                   5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qttools-devel.x86_64                             5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qttools-examples.x86_64                          5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.x86_64           5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         5.15.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qttools-static.x86_64                            5.15.3-4.el8                                               @powertools            
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard-devel.x86_64                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard-examples.x86_64                5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtwayland-devel.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               @powertools            
qt5-qtwayland-examples.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtwebchannel-devel.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtwebchannel-examples.x86_64                     5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                               5.15.8-5.el8.1                                             @epel                  
qt5-qtwebengine-devel.x86_64                         5.15.8-5.el8.1                                             @epel                  
qt5-qtwebengine-devtools.x86_64                      5.15.8-5.el8.1                                             @epel                  
qt5-qtwebengine-examples.x86_64                      5.15.8-5.el8.1                                             @epel                  
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                  5.212.0-0.63.alpha4.el8                                    @epel                  
qt5-qtwebkit-devel.x86_64                            5.212.0-0.63.alpha4.el8                                    @epel                  
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtwebsockets-devel.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtwebsockets-examples.x86_64                     5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtwebview.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtwebview-devel.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtwebview-examples.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtx11extras-devel.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-examples.x86_64                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
qt5-style-oxygen.x86_64                              5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
qt5ct.x86_64                                         1.1-8.el8                                                  @epel                  
qt5pas.x86_64                                        2.6-2001201.el8                                            @epel                  
qt5pas-devel.x86_64                                  2.6-2001201.el8                                            @epel                  
qtkeychain-qt5.x86_64                                0.11.1-4.el8                                               @epel                  
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.04-14.el8                                              @baseos                
quota-doc.noarch                                     1:4.04-14.el8                                              @baseos                
quota-nld.x86_64                                     1:4.04-14.el8                                              @baseos                
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.04-14.el8                                              @baseos                
quota-rpc.x86_64                                     1:4.04-14.el8                                              @baseos                
quota-warnquota.x86_64                               1:4.04-14.el8                                              @baseos                
radvd.x86_64                                         2.17-15.el8                                                @appstream             
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-16.el8                                              @appstream             
rarian.x86_64                                        0.8.1-19.el8                                               @appstream             
rarian-compat.x86_64                                 0.8.1-19.el8                                               @appstream             
rasdaemon.x86_64                                     0.6.1-13.el8                                               @baseos                
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-6.el8                                               @appstream             
rclone.x86_64                                        1.57.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
rcs.x86_64                                           5.10.1-3.el8                                               @epel                  
rdma-core.x86_64                                     44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
rdma-core-devel.x86_64                               44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
re2.x86_64                                           20190801-1.el8                                             @epel                  
readline.x86_64                                      7.0-10.el8                                                 @baseos                
readline-devel.x86_64                                7.0-10.el8                                                 @baseos                
readonly-root.noarch                                 10.00.18-1.el8                                             @baseos                
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-1.el8                                               @baseos                
rear.x86_64                                          2.6-9.el8                                                  @appstream             
recode.x86_64                                        3.6-47.el8                                                 @appstream             
redfish-finder.noarch                                0.3-6.el8                                                  @appstream             
redhat-lsb.x86_64                                    4.1-47.el8                                                 @appstream             
redhat-lsb-core.x86_64                               4.1-47.el8                                                 @appstream             
redhat-lsb-cxx.x86_64                                4.1-47.el8                                                 @appstream             
redhat-lsb-desktop.x86_64                            4.1-47.el8                                                 @appstream             
redhat-lsb-languages.x86_64                          4.1-47.el8                                                 @appstream             
redhat-lsb-printing.x86_64                           4.1-47.el8                                                 @appstream             
redhat-lsb-submod-multimedia.x86_64                  4.1-47.el8                                                 @appstream             
redhat-lsb-submod-security.x86_64                    4.1-47.el8                                                 @appstream             
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             131-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
redhat-support-lib-python.noarch                     0.13.0-0.el8_5                                             @appstream             
redhat-support-tool.noarch                           0.13.0-0.el8_5                                             @appstream             
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-14.el8                                              @appstream             
rest.x86_64                                          0.8.1-2.el8                                                @appstream             
rhn-check.x86_64                                     2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      @appstream             
rhn-client-tools.x86_64                              2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      @appstream             
rhn-custom-info.noarch                               5.4.42-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                       @appstream             
rhn-setup.x86_64                                     2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      @appstream             
rhn-setup-gnome.x86_64                               2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      @appstream             
rhn-virtualization-host.noarch                       5.4.70-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                       @appstream             
rhncfg.noarch                                        5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    @appstream             
rhncfg-actions.noarch                                5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    @appstream             
rhncfg-client.noarch                                 5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    @appstream             
rhncfg-management.noarch                             5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    @appstream             
rhnlib.noarch                                        2.8.6-8.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                        @appstream             
rhnpush.noarch                                       5.5.110-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      @appstream             
rhnsd.x86_64                                         5.0.35-3.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                       @appstream             
rhsm-icons.noarch                                    1.28.36-2.el8                                              @baseos                
rmt.x86_64                                           2:1.5.3-13.el8                                             @baseos                
rng-tools.x86_64                                     6.15-3.el8                                                 @baseos                
rocky-backgrounds.noarch                             86.3-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
rocky-gpg-keys.noarch                                8.8-1.8.el8                                                @baseos                
rocky-indexhtml.noarch                               8.0-0.el8                                                  @rockybaseos           
rocky-logos.x86_64                                   86.3-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
rocky-logos-httpd.noarch                             86.3-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
rocky-release.noarch                                 8.8-1.8.el8                                                @baseos                
rocky-repos.noarch                                   8.8-1.8.el8                                                @baseos                
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-22.el8                                                 @baseos                
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.5-10.el8                                               @baseos                
rpm.x86_64                                           4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.14.3-26.el8                                              @appstream             
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
rpm-devel.x86_64                                     4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
rpm-mpi-hooks.noarch                                 8-2.el8                                                    @appstream             
rpm-ostree.x86_64                                    2022.10.115.g15eba7b1-2.el8_8                              @appstream             
rpm-ostree-libs.x86_64                               2022.10.115.g15eba7b1-2.el8_8                              @appstream             
rpm-plugin-fapolicyd.x86_64                          4.14.3-26.el8                                              @appstream             
rpm-plugin-ima.x86_64                                4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
rpm-plugin-prioreset.x86_64                          4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
rpm-plugin-syslog.x86_64                             4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
rpm-sign.x86_64                                      4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos                
rpmdevtools.noarch                                   8.10-8.el8                                                 @appstream             
rpmemd.x86_64                                        1.6.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        8-0.1                                                      @extras                
rpmlint.noarch                                       1.10-14.el8                                                @appstream             
rrdtool.x86_64                                       1.7.0-16.el8_4                                             @appstream             
rrdtool-devel.x86_64                                 1.7.0-16.el8_4                                             @powertools            
rrdtool-doc.x86_64                                   1.7.0-16.el8_4                                             @powertools            
rrdtool-lua.x86_64                                   1.7.0-16.el8_4                                             @powertools            
rrdtool-perl.x86_64                                  1.7.0-16.el8_4                                             @appstream             
rrdtool-ruby.x86_64                                  1.7.0-16.el8_4                                             @powertools            
rrdtool-tcl.x86_64                                   1.7.0-16.el8_4                                             @powertools            
rsync.x86_64                                         3.1.3-19.el8_7.1                                           @baseos                
rsyslog.x86_64                                       8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-crypto.x86_64                                8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-doc.noarch                                   8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-elasticsearch.x86_64                         8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-gnutls.x86_64                                8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-gssapi.x86_64                                8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-kafka.x86_64                                 8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-mmaudit.x86_64                               8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-mmjsonparse.x86_64                           8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-mmkubernetes.x86_64                          8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-mmnormalize.x86_64                           8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-mmsnmptrapd.x86_64                           8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-mysql.x86_64                                 8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-pgsql.x86_64                                 8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-relp.x86_64                                  8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rsyslog-snmp.x86_64                                  8.2102.0-13.el8                                            @appstream             
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-19.el8                                                @appstream             
ruby.x86_64                                          2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
ruby-devel.x86_64                                    2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
ruby-doc.noarch                                      2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
ruby-hivex.x86_64                                    1.3.18-23.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                     @appstream             
ruby-irb.noarch                                      2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
ruby-libguestfs.x86_64                               1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
ruby-libs.x86_64                                     2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygem-abrt.noarch                                  0.3.0-4.module+el8.5.0+739+43897a5e                        @appstream             
rubygem-abrt-doc.noarch                              0.3.0-4.module+el8.5.0+739+43897a5e                        @appstream             
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                            1.3.4-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygem-bson.x86_64                                  4.3.0-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        @appstream             
rubygem-bson-doc.noarch                              4.3.0-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        @appstream             
rubygem-bundler.noarch                               1.16.1-4.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                       @appstream             
rubygem-bundler-doc.noarch                           1.16.1-4.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                       @appstream             
rubygem-did_you_mean.noarch                          1.2.0-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                            0.4.6-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygem-json.x86_64                                  2.1.0-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygem-minitest.noarch                              5.10.3-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                     @appstream             
rubygem-mongo.noarch                                 2.5.1-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        @appstream             
rubygem-mongo-doc.noarch                             2.5.1-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        @appstream             
rubygem-mysql2.x86_64                                0.4.10-4.module+el8.5.0+739+43897a5e                       @appstream             
rubygem-mysql2-doc.noarch                            0.4.10-4.module+el8.5.0+739+43897a5e                       @appstream             
rubygem-net-telnet.noarch                            0.1.1-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygem-openssl.x86_64                               2.1.2-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygem-pg.x86_64                                    1.0.0-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        @appstream             
rubygem-pg-doc.noarch                                1.0.0-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        @appstream             
rubygem-power_assert.noarch                          1.1.1-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                 3.0.2-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygem-rake.noarch                                  12.3.3-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                     @appstream             
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                  6.0.1.1-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                    @appstream             
rubygem-test-unit.noarch                             3.2.7-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygem-xmlrpc.noarch                                0.3.0-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      @appstream             
rubygems.noarch                                      2.7.6.3-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                    @appstream             
rubygems-devel.noarch                                2.7.6.3-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                    @appstream             
runc.x86_64                                          1:1.1.4-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                     @appstream             
rust.x86_64                                          1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
rust-analysis.x86_64                                 1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
rust-analyzer.x86_64                                 1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
rust-debugger-common.noarch                          1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
rust-doc.x86_64                                      1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
rust-gdb.noarch                                      1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
rust-lldb.noarch                                     1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
rust-src.noarch                                      1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              5-2.el8                                                    @appstream             
rust-std-static.x86_64                               1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
rust-toolset.x86_64                                  1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
rustfmt.x86_64                                       1.66.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1132+7f08ba72                      @appstream             
s3cmd.noarch                                         2.3.0-4.el8                                                @epel                  
saab-fonts.noarch                                    0.91-18.el8                                                @appstream             
sac.noarch                                           1.3-30.el8                                                 @appstream             
samba-client.x86_64                                  4.17.5-2.el8                                               @baseos                
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             4.17.5-2.el8                                               @baseos                
samba-common.noarch                                  4.17.5-2.el8                                               @baseos                
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             4.17.5-2.el8                                               @baseos                
samyak-devanagari-fonts.noarch                       1.2.2-19.el8                                               @appstream             
samyak-fonts-common.noarch                           1.2.2-19.el8                                               @appstream             
samyak-gujarati-fonts.noarch                         1.2.2-19.el8                                               @appstream             
samyak-malayalam-fonts.noarch                        1.2.2-19.el8                                               @appstream             
samyak-odia-fonts.noarch                             1.2.2-19.el8                                               @appstream             
samyak-tamil-fonts.noarch                            1.2.2-19.el8                                               @appstream             
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.0.27-22.el8                                              @appstream             
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.0.27-22.el8                                              @appstream             
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.0.27-22.el8                                              @appstream             
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.0.27-22.el8                                              @appstream             
sanlock.x86_64                                       3.8.4-4.el8                                                @appstream             
sanlock-lib.x86_64                                   3.8.4-4.el8                                                @baseos                
sassist.noarch                                       0.8.6-1.el8                                                @appstream             
satyr.x86_64                                         0.26-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
sbc.x86_64                                           1.3-9.el8                                                  @appstream             
scala.noarch                                         2.10.6-14.module+el8.3.0+241+f23502a8                      @appstream             
scala-apidoc.noarch                                  2.10.6-14.module+el8.3.0+241+f23502a8                      @appstream             
scala-swing.noarch                                   2.10.6-14.module+el8.3.0+241+f23502a8                      @appstream             
scap-security-guide.noarch                           0.1.66-2.el8_7.rocky.0.1                                   @appstream             
scap-security-guide-doc.noarch                       0.1.66-2.el8_7.rocky.0.1                                   @appstream             
scap-workbench.x86_64                                1.2.0-8.el8                                                @appstream             
scl-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.0.2-16.el8                                             @appstream             
scl-utils-build.x86_64                               1:2.0.2-16.el8                                             @appstream             
screen.x86_64                                        4.6.2-12.el8                                               @epel                  
scrub.x86_64                                         2.5.2-16.el8                                               @appstream             
sddm.x86_64                                          0.19.0^git20220321.e67307e-2.el8.3                         @epel                  
sddm-breeze.noarch                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
sddm-kcm.x86_64                                      5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
sddm-x11.noarch                                      0.19.0^git20220321.e67307e-2.el8.3                         @epel                  
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.0-3.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
seahorse.x86_64                                      3.20.0-9.el8                                               @appstream             
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.0-3.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      @appstream             
sed.x86_64                                           4.5-5.el8                                                  @baseos                
sedutil.x86_64                                       1.20.0-2.el8                                               @epel                  
selinux-policy.noarch                                3.14.3-117.el8_8.2                                         @baseos                
selinux-policy-devel.noarch                          3.14.3-117.el8_8.2                                         @baseos                
selinux-policy-doc.noarch                            3.14.3-117.el8_8.2                                         @baseos                
selinux-policy-minimum.noarch                        3.14.3-117.el8_8.2                                         @baseos                
selinux-policy-mls.noarch                            3.14.3-117.el8_8.2                                         @baseos                
selinux-policy-sandbox.noarch                        3.14.3-117.el8_8.2                                         @baseos                
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       3.14.3-117.el8_8.2                                         @baseos                
sendmail.x86_64                                      8.15.2-34.el8                                              @appstream             
sendmail-cf.noarch                                   8.15.2-34.el8                                              @appstream             
sendmail-doc.noarch                                  8.15.2-34.el8                                              @appstream             
setools.x86_64                                       4.3.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
setools-console.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                                @baseos                
setools-console-analyses.x86_64                      4.3.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
setools-gui.x86_64                                   4.3.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
setroubleshoot.x86_64                                3.3.26-5.el8                                               @appstream             
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                        3.3.14-1.el8                                               @appstream             
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                         3.3.26-5.el8                                               @appstream             
setserial.x86_64                                     2.17-45.el8                                                @baseos                
setup.noarch                                         2.12.2-9.el8                                               @baseos                
sg3_utils.x86_64                                     1.44-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                1.44-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
sgabios-bin.noarch                                   1:0.20170427git-3.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115             @appstream             
sgml-common.noarch                                   0.6.3-50.el8                                               @baseos                
sgpio.x86_64                                         1.2.0.10-21.el8                                            @baseos                
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.6-17.el8                                               @baseos                
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.6-17.el8                                               @baseos                
shapelib.x86_64                                      1.5.0-12.el8                                               @epel                  
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              1.9-3.el8                                                  @baseos                
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.6-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                       @baseos                
signon.x86_64                                        8.60-10.el8                                                @epel                  
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                          0.24-4.el8                                                 @epel                  
signon-ui.x86_64                                     0.15-17.el8                                                @epel                  
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                          1.200-13.el8                                               @appstream             
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-2.el8                                                @appstream             
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-1.el8                                                @appstream             
sil-scheherazade-fonts.noarch                        2.100-5.el8                                                @appstream             
sip.x86_64                                           4.19.25-1.el8                                              @appstream             
sisu-inject.noarch                                   1:0.3.3-6.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                      @appstream             
sisu-plexus.noarch                                   1:0.3.3-6.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                      @appstream             
skkdic.noarch                                        20170102-4.T1100.el8                                       @appstream             
skopeo.x86_64                                        2:1.11.2-0.2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                  @appstream             
skopeo-tests.x86_64                                  2:1.11.2-0.2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                  @appstream             
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.2-3.el8                                                @baseos                
slang-devel.x86_64                                   2.3.2-3.el8                                                @appstream             
slf4j.noarch                                         1.7.25-4.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                       @appstream             
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.0-2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                       @appstream             
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:7.1-1.el8                                                @baseos                
smc-anjalioldlipi-fonts.noarch                       6.1-10.el8                                                 @appstream             
smc-dyuthi-fonts.noarch                              6.1-10.el8                                                 @appstream             
smc-fonts-common.noarch                              6.1-10.el8                                                 @appstream             
smc-kalyani-fonts.noarch                             6.1-10.el8                                                 @appstream             
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                               6.1-10.el8                                                 @appstream             
smc-rachana-fonts.noarch                             6.1-10.el8                                                 @appstream             
smc-raghumalayalam-fonts.noarch                      6.1-10.el8                                                 @appstream             
smc-suruma-fonts.noarch                              6.1-10.el8                                                 @appstream             
smc-tools.x86_64                                     1.8.2-1.el8                                                @baseos                
smem.noarch                                          1.5-6.el8                                                  @epel                  
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.8-3.el8                                                @baseos                
snappy-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.8-3.el8                                                @powertools            
socat.x86_64                                         1.7.4.1-1.el8                                              @appstream             
sos.noarch                                           4.5.4-1.el8                                                @baseos                
sos-audit.noarch                                     4.5.4-1.el8                                                @baseos                
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-9.el8                                                  @appstream             
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.0.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.8-17.el8                                               @appstream             
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-4.el8                                                @epel                  
spacewalk-abrt.noarch                                2.8.3-5.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        @appstream             
spacewalk-client-cert.noarch                         2.8.2-3.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        @appstream             
spacewalk-koan.noarch                                2.8.6-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        @appstream             
spacewalk-oscap.noarch                               2.8.5-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        @appstream             
spacewalk-remote-utils.noarch                        2.8.4-5.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        @appstream             
spacewalk-usix.noarch                                2.8.1-5.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        @appstream             
spamassassin.x86_64                                  3.4.6-1.el8                                                @appstream             
spax.x86_64                                          1.5.3-13.el8                                               @baseos                
spectacle.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                              @epel                  
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.8.8-6.el8                                                @appstream             
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.8.8-6.el8                                                @appstream             
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-1.el8                                                @appstream             
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2-0.13.rc3.el8                                           @appstream             
spice-client-win-x64.noarch                          8.8-1.el8                                                  @appstream             
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.38-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
spice-glib-devel.x86_64                              0.38-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
spice-gtk.x86_64                                     0.38-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
spice-gtk-tools.x86_64                               0.38-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.38-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
spice-gtk3-devel.x86_64                              0.38-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
spice-gtk3-vala.x86_64                               0.38-6.el8                                                 @appstream             
spice-protocol.noarch                                0.14.2-1.el8                                               @appstream             
spice-qxl-wddm-dod.noarch                            0.21-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
spice-qxl-xddm.noarch                                0.1-24.el8.2                                               @AppStream             
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.14.3-4.el8                                               @appstream             
spice-streaming-agent.x86_64                         0.3-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.20.0-5.el8                                               @appstream             
spice-vdagent-win-x64.noarch                         0.10.0-7.el8                                               @appstream             
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2023.1-2.el8                                               @appstream             
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            @baseos                
sqlite-devel.x86_64                                  3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            @baseos                
sqlite-doc.noarch                                    3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            @baseos                
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            @baseos                
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.3-20.el8                                                 @baseos                
squashfuse.x86_64                                    0.1.104-1.el8                                              @epel                  
squashfuse-libs.x86_64                               0.1.104-1.el8                                              @epel                  
srp_daemon.x86_64                                    44.0-2.el8.1                                               @baseos                
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.4.1-3.el8                                                @epel                  
sscg.x86_64                                          3.0.0-7.el8                                                @appstream             
sssd.x86_64                                          2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-dbus.x86_64                                     2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-polkit-rules.x86_64                             2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
sssd-tools.x86_64                                    2.8.2-2.el8                                                @baseos                
st.x86_64                                            0.9-1.el8                                                  @epel                  
star.x86_64                                          1.5.3-13.el8                                               @baseos                
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-15.el8                                                @appstream             
startup-notification-devel.x86_64                    0.12-15.el8                                                @appstream             
stix-fonts.noarch                                    1.1.0-12.el8                                               @appstream             
stix-math-fonts.noarch                               1.1.0-12.el8                                               @appstream             
strace.x86_64                                        5.18-2.el8                                                 @baseos                
subscription-manager.x86_64                          1.28.36-2.el8                                              @baseos                
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates.x86_64        1.28.36-2.el8                                              @baseos                
subversion.x86_64                                    1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      @appstream             
subversion-devel.x86_64                              1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      @appstream             
subversion-gnome.x86_64                              1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      @appstream             
subversion-javahl.noarch                             1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      @appstream             
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      @appstream             
subversion-perl.x86_64                               1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      @appstream             
subversion-tools.x86_64                              1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      @appstream             
sudo.x86_64                                          1.8.29-10.el8                                              @baseos                
suitesparse.x86_64                                   4.4.6-11.el8                                               @appstream             
supermin.x86_64                                      5.2.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       @appstream             
supermin-devel.x86_64                                5.2.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       @appstream             
sushi.x86_64                                         3.28.3-1.el8                                               @appstream             
svt-av1.x86_64                                       0.8.7-1.el8                                                @epel                  
svt-av1-devel.x86_64                                 0.8.7-1.el8                                                @epel                  
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  0.8.7-1.el8                                                @epel                  
swig.x86_64                                          3.0.12-19.module+el8.4.0+385+82b6e804                      @appstream             
swig-doc.noarch                                      3.0.12-19.module+el8.4.0+385+82b6e804                      @appstream             
swig-gdb.x86_64                                      3.0.12-19.module+el8.4.0+385+82b6e804                      @appstream             
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            1.1-5.el8                                                  @appstream             
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115    @appstream             
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115    @appstream             
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115    @appstream             
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.4-19.el8                                                 @baseos                
sysfsutils.x86_64                                    2.1.0-25.el8                                               @appstream             
syslinux.x86_64                                      6.04-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                             6.04-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                    6.04-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                             6.04-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
sysstat.x86_64                                       11.7.3-9.el8                                               @appstream             
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.11-13.el8                                              @appstream             
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.11-13.el8                                              @appstream             
system-storage-manager.noarch                        1.4-1.el8                                                  @baseos                
systemd.x86_64                                       239-74.el8_8.2                                             @baseos                
systemd-container.x86_64                             239-74.el8_8.2                                             @baseos                
systemd-devel.x86_64                                 239-74.el8_8.2                                             @baseos                
systemd-journal-remote.x86_64                        239-74.el8_8.2                                             @baseos                
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  239-74.el8_8.2                                             @baseos                
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   239-74.el8_8.2                                             @baseos                
systemd-tests.x86_64                                 239-74.el8_8.2                                             @baseos                
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  239-74.el8_8.2                                             @baseos                
systemtap.x86_64                                     4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-client.x86_64                              4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-devel.x86_64                               4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-exporter.x86_64                            4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-initscript.x86_64                          4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                             4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-runtime-java.x86_64                        4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-runtime-python3.x86_64                     4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-runtime-virtguest.x86_64                   4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-runtime-virthost.x86_64                    4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                           4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
systemtap-server.x86_64                              4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
taglib.x86_64                                        1.11.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
tagsoup.noarch                                       1.2.1-15.el8                                               @appstream             
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.30-9.el8                                               @baseos                
target-restore.noarch                                2.1.75-4.el8                                               @baseos                
targetcli.noarch                                     2.1.53-2.el8                                               @appstream             
tbb.x86_64                                           2018.2-9.el8                                               @appstream             
tbb-devel.x86_64                                     2018.2-9.el8                                               @appstream             
tbb-doc.x86_64                                       2018.2-9.el8                                               @appstream             
tboot.x86_64                                         1:1.10.5-2.el8                                             @baseos                
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.8-2.el8                                              @baseos                
tcl-brlapi.x86_64                                    0.6.7-32.el8                                               @appstream             
tcl-devel.x86_64                                     1:8.6.8-2.el8                                              @baseos                
tcl-doc.noarch                                       1:8.6.8-2.el8                                              @baseos                
tcllib.noarch                                        1.19-3.el8                                                 @epel                  
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.9.3-3.el8                                             @appstream             
tcsh.x86_64                                          6.20.00-15.el8                                             @appstream             
tdb-tools.x86_64                                     1.4.7-1.el8                                                @baseos                
teamd.x86_64                                         1.31-4.el8                                                 @baseos                
teckit.x86_64                                        2.5.8-1.el8                                                @appstream             
telnet.x86_64                                        1:0.17-76.el8                                              @appstream             
tesseract.x86_64                                     4.1.1-2.el8                                                @appstream             
tex-fonts-hebrew.noarch                              0.1-28.el8                                                 @appstream             
texinfo.x86_64                                       6.5-7.el8                                                  @powertools            
texinfo-tex.x86_64                                   6.5-7.el8                                                  @powertools            
texlive.x86_64                                       7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ae.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-algorithms.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-amscls.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-amsmath.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-anyfontsize.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-anysize.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-appendix.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-arabxetex.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-arphic.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-attachfile.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-avantgar.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-awesomebox.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-babel.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-babel-english.noarch                         7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-babelbib.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-base.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-beamer.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-bera.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-beton.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-bibtopic.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-bidi.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-bigfoot.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-bookman.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-booktabs.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-breakurl.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-breqn.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-capt-of.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-caption.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-carlisle.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-changebar.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-changepage.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-charter.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-cite.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-cjk.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-classpack.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-cm.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-cm-lgc.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-cm-super.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-cmap.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-cmextra.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-cns.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-collectbox.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-collection-htmlxml.noarch                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-collection-xetex.noarch                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-colortbl.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-context.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-courier.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-crop.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-csquotes.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ctable.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-currfile.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-datetime.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-dvisvgm.x86_64                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ec.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-eepic.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-enctex.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-enumitem.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-environ.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-epsf.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-eqparbox.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-etex.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-euenc.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-euler.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-euro.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-eurosym.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-extsizes.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fancybox.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fancyref.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-filecontents.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-filehook.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-finstrut.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fix2col.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fixlatvian.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-float.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fmtcount.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fncychap.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fontawesome.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fontbook.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fonts-tlwg.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fontspec.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fontware.x86_64                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fontwrap.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-footmisc.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fp.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-fpl.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-framed.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-garuda-c90.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-geometry.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-graphics.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-helvetic.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-hyperref.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-hyphenat.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ifetex.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ifluatex.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-iftex.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ifxetex.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-import.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-index.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-jadetex.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-kastrup.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-kerkis.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-koma-script.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                        7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-l3packages.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-lastpage.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-latex.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-latex2man.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-lettrine.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-linegoal.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-lineno.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-listings.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-lm.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-lm-math.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                        7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                         7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-lualibs.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-luatex85.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-makecmds.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-marginnote.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-marvosym.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mathspec.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mathtools.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-memoir.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-metafont.x86_64                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-metalogo.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-metapost.x86_64                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-microtype.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mparhack.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ms.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-multido.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-multirow.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-natbib.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ncctools.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-needspace.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-norasi-c90.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-overpic.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-palatino.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-paralist.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-parallel.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-parskip.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-passivetex.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pgf.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-philokalia.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-placeins.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-plain.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-powerdot.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-preprint.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pslatex.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pspicture.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-arrow.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-math.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-node.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-text.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pstricks.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ptext.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-qstest.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-rcs.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-realscripts.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-sansmath.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-section.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-sectsty.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-seminar.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-setspace.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-showexpl.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-soul.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-stmaryrd.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-subfig.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-subfigure.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-symbol.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-t2.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tabu.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tabulary.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tetex.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tex.x86_64                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                         7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tex4ht.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-texconfig.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-texlive-docindex.noarch                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-textcase.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-textpos.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-threeparttable.noarch                        7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-times.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tipa.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-titlesec.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-titling.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tocloft.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-tools.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-translator.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-txfonts.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-type1cm.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-typehtml.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ucharclasses.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ucs.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-uhc.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-ulem.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-underscore.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-unisugar.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-updmap-map.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-upquote.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-url.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-utopia.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-varwidth.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-wadalab.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-was.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-wasy.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-wasy2-ps.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-wasysym.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-wrapfig.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xecjk.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xecolor.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xecyr.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xeindex.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xepersian.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xesearch.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xetex-itrans.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xetex-pstricks.noarch                        7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xetex-tibetan.noarch                         7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xetexfontinfo.noarch                         7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xifthen.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xmltex.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xmltexconfig.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xstring.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xtab.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-xunicode.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
texlive-zapfding.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        @appstream             
tftp.x86_64                                          5.2-26.el8                                                 @appstream             
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-garuda-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-kinnari-fonts.noarch                   0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-loma-fonts.noarch                      0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-norasi-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-purisa-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-sawasdee-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-tlwgmono-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-tlwgtypewriter-fonts.noarch            0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-tlwgtypist-fonts.noarch                0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-tlwgtypo-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-umpush-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                     0.6.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
theora-tools.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1-21.el8                                             @appstream             
thunar-archive-plugin.x86_64                         0.4.0-26.el8                                               @epel                  
thunar-volman.x86_64                                 4.16.0-3.el8                                               @epel                  
tibetan-machine-uni-fonts.noarch                     1.901-20.el8                                               @appstream             
tidy.x86_64                                          5.6.0-5.el8                                                @epel                  
tigervnc.x86_64                                      1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            @appstream             
tigervnc-icons.noarch                                1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            @appstream             
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            @appstream             
tigervnc-selinux.noarch                              1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            @appstream             
tigervnc-server.x86_64                               1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            @appstream             
tigervnc-server-applet.noarch                        1.9.0-15.el8_1                                             @AppStream             
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            @appstream             
tigervnc-server-module.x86_64                        1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            @appstream             
time.x86_64                                          1.9-3.el8                                                  @baseos                
timedatex.x86_64                                     0.5-3.el8                                                  @baseos                
tinycdb.x86_64                                       0.78-9.el8                                                 @appstream             
tix.x86_64                                           1:8.4.3-23.el8                                             @appstream             
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.8-1.el8                                              @appstream             
tk-devel.x86_64                                      1:8.6.8-1.el8                                              @appstream             
tlog.x86_64                                          12.1-2.el8                                                 @appstream             
tmpwatch.x86_64                                      2.11-14.el8                                                @baseos                
tmux.x86_64                                          2.7-1.el8                                                  @baseos                
tokyocabinet.x86_64                                  1.4.48-10.el8                                              @appstream             
toolbox.x86_64                                       0.0.99.3-7.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                    @appstream             
torque-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.10-25.el8                                              @appstream             
totem.x86_64                                         1:3.26.2-1.el8                                             @appstream             
totem-nautilus.x86_64                                1:3.26.2-1.el8                                             @appstream             
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.1-2.el8                                               @appstream             
tpm-quote-tools.x86_64                               1.0.3-4.el8                                                @baseos                
tpm-tools.x86_64                                     1.3.9.2-1.el8                                              @baseos                
tpm-tools-pkcs11.x86_64                              1.3.9.2-1.el8                                              @baseos                
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    4.1.1-5.el8                                                @baseos                
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      2.3.2-4.el8                                                @baseos                
trace-cmd.x86_64                                     2.7-10.el8                                                 @baseos                
tracer-common.noarch                                 0.7.5-2.el8                                                @appstream             
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.0-6.el8                                              @baseos                
tracker.x86_64                                       2.1.5-2.el8                                                @appstream             
tracker-miners.x86_64                                2.1.5-1.el8                                                @appstream             
tre.x86_64                                           0.8.0-27.20140228gitc2f5d13.el8                            @epel                  
tre-common.noarch                                    0.8.0-27.20140228gitc2f5d13.el8                            @epel                  
tre-devel.x86_64                                     0.8.0-27.20140228gitc2f5d13.el8                            @epel                  
tree.x86_64                                          1.7.0-15.el8                                               @baseos                
trousers.x86_64                                      0.3.15-1.el8                                               @baseos                
trousers-lib.x86_64                                  0.3.15-1.el8                                               @baseos                
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                      3.0.9-54.el8                                               @appstream             
tumbler.x86_64                                       0.2.7-1.el8                                                @epel                  
tuna.noarch                                          0.18-6.el8                                                 @baseos                
tuned.noarch                                         2.20.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
tuned-gtk.noarch                                     2.20.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
tuned-profiles-atomic.noarch                         2.20.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
tuned-profiles-compat.noarch                         2.20.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
tuned-profiles-cpu-partitioning.noarch               2.20.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
tuned-profiles-mssql.noarch                          2.20.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
tuned-profiles-oracle.noarch                         2.20.0-1.el8                                               @baseos                
tuned-utils.noarch                                   2.20.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
tuned-utils-systemtap.noarch                         2.20.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
turbojpeg.x86_64                                     1.5.3-12.el8                                               @appstream             
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.3.13-12.el8                                              @appstream             
tzdata.noarch                                        2023c-1.el8                                                @baseos                
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2023c-1.el8                                                @appstream             
ucs-miscfixed-fonts.noarch                           0.3-17.el8                                                 @appstream             
ucx.x86_64                                           1.13.1-2.el8                                               @appstream             
udftools.x86_64                                      2.3-2.el8                                                  @appstream             
udica.noarch                                         0.2.6-20.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                      @appstream             
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.9.0-13.el8                                               @appstream             
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.9.0-13.el8                                               @appstream             
udisks2-lvm2.x86_64                                  2.9.0-13.el8                                               @appstream             
udunits2.x86_64                                      2.2.26-5.el8                                               @epel                  
udunits2-devel.x86_64                                2.2.26-5.el8                                               @epel                  
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.16.2-5.el8                                               @appstream             
unibilium.x86_64                                     2.0.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   11.0.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
units.x86_64                                         2.17-5.el8                                                 @baseos                
unixODBC.x86_64                                      2.3.7-1.el8                                                @appstream             
unixODBC-devel.x86_64                                2.3.7-1.el8                                                @appstream             
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-46.el8                                                 @baseos                
upower.x86_64                                        0.99.7-4.el8_7                                             @appstream             
uriparser.x86_64                                     0.9.7-1.el8                                                @epel                  
urlview.x86_64                                       0.9-23.20131022git08767a.el8                               @appstream             
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream             
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.5.2-1.el8.2                                              @baseos                
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-1.el8                                             @baseos                
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.0-13.el8                                               @appstream             
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.12.0-4.el8                                               @appstream             
usbredir-devel.x86_64                                0.12.0-4.el8                                               @appstream             
usbutils.x86_64                                      010-3.el8                                                  @baseos                
usermode.x86_64                                      1.113-2.el8                                                @baseos                
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.10.1-4.el8                                               @baseos                
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.6.1-3.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                       @appstream             
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
util-linux-user.x86_64                               2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
uuid.x86_64                                          1.6.2-43.el8                                               @appstream             
uuidd.x86_64                                         2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @baseos                
valgrind.x86_64                                      1:3.19.0-1.el8                                             @appstream             
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                1:3.19.0-1.el8                                             @appstream             
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              51-1.el8                                                   @epel                  
vdo.x86_64                                           6.2.7.17-14.el8                                            @baseos                
vdo-support.x86_64                                   6.2.7.17-14.el8                                            @baseos                
veritysetup.x86_64                                   2.3.7-5.el8                                                @baseos                
vhostmd.x86_64                                       1.1-5.el8                                                  @appstream             
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.0-12.20190213gitaeabc8d.el8                            @epel                  
vim-X11.x86_64                                       2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                      @appstream             
vim-ansible.noarch                                   3.2-1.el8                                                  @epel                  
vim-common.x86_64                                    2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                      @appstream             
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                  2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                      @appstream             
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                      @appstream             
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                      @baseos                
vinagre.x86_64                                       3.22.0-23.el8                                              @appstream             
vino.x86_64                                          3.22.0-11.el8                                              @appstream             
virt-dib.x86_64                                      1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              @appstream             
virt-install.noarch                                  3.2.0-4.el8                                                @appstream             
virt-manager.noarch                                  3.2.0-4.el8                                                @appstream             
virt-manager-common.noarch                           3.2.0-4.el8                                                @appstream             
virt-p2v-maker.x86_64                                1:1.42.0-5.el8                                             @appstream             
virt-top.x86_64                                      1.0.8-37.el8                                               @appstream             
virt-v2v.x86_64                                      1:1.42.0-22.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   @appstream             
virt-viewer.x86_64                                   9.0-12.el8                                                 @appstream             
virt-what.x86_64                                     1.25-3.el8                                                 @baseos                
virt-who.noarch                                      1.30.14-1.el8                                              @appstream             
virtio-win.noarch                                    1.9.24-2.el8_5                                             @appstream             
vm-dump-metrics.x86_64                               1.1-5.el8                                                  @baseos                
vm-dump-metrics-devel.x86_64                         1.1-5.el8                                                  @baseos                
vnstat.x86_64                                        2.9-2.el8                                                  @epel                  
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-8.el8                                                @rpmfusion-free-updates
volume_key.x86_64                                    0.3.11-5.el8                                               @appstream             
volume_key-devel.x86_64                              0.3.11-5.el8                                               @appstream             
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.11-5.el8                                               @appstream             
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20220404-1.git40a8c62c.el8                                 @epel                  
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.52.4-2.el8                                               @appstream             
vte291.x86_64                                        0.52.4-2.el8                                               @appstream             
vulkan-headers.noarch                                1.3.239.0-1.el8                                            @appstream             
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.239.0-1.el8                                            @appstream             
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                           1.3.239.0-1.el8                                            @appstream             
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                  1.3.239.0-1.el8                                            @appstream             
vulkan-validation-layers.x86_64                      1.3.239.0-2.el8                                            @appstream             
watchdog.x86_64                                      5.16-1.el8                                                 @baseos                
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.1.0-16.el8                                               @appstream             
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.21.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                       1.25-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                   2.38.5-1.el8_8.4                                           @appstream             
webkit2gtk3-devel.x86_64                             2.38.5-1.el8_8.4                                           @appstream             
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                               2.38.5-1.el8_8.4                                           @appstream             
webkit2gtk3-jsc-devel.x86_64                         2.38.5-1.el8_8.4                                           @appstream             
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       0.3-10.el8                                                 @appstream             
wget.x86_64                                          1.19.5-11.el8                                              @appstream             
which.x86_64                                         2.21-18.el8                                                @baseos                
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.1-2.el8                                                @appstream             
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.1-2.el8                                                @appstream             
wireshark.x86_64                                     1:2.6.2-15.el8                                             @appstream             
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                 1:2.6.2-15.el8                                             @appstream             
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-5.el8                                                @appstream             
words.noarch                                         3.0-28.el8                                                 @baseos                
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.10-1.el8                                               @baseos                
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                1.10.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
wqy-microhei-fonts.noarch                            0.2.0-0.22.beta.el8                                        @appstream             
wqy-unibit-fonts.noarch                              1.1.0-20.el8                                               @appstream             
wxBase3.x86_64                                       3.0.4-11.el8                                               @epel                  
wxBase3-devel.x86_64                                 3.0.4-11.el8                                               @epel                  
x264-libs.x86_64                                     0.157-12.20190717git34c06d1.el8                            @rpmfusion-free-updates
x265-libs.x86_64                                     3.1.2-1.el8                                                @rpmfusion-free-updates
x3270.x86_64                                         3.6ga5-1.el8                                               @baseos                
x3270-x11.x86_64                                     3.6ga5-1.el8                                               @appstream             
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                              1.4.18-3.el8                                               @appstream             
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.0-10.el8                                               @appstream             
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.3-9.el8                                                @epel                  
xcb-util-devel.x86_64                                0.4.0-10.el8                                               @powertools            
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.0-9.el8                                                @appstream             
xcb-util-image-devel.x86_64                          0.4.0-9.el8                                                @powertools            
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.0-7.el8                                                @appstream             
xcb-util-keysyms-devel.x86_64                        0.4.0-7.el8                                                @powertools            
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.9-10.el8                                               @appstream             
xcb-util-renderutil-devel.x86_64                     0.3.9-10.el8                                               @powertools            
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.1-12.el8                                               @appstream             
xcb-util-wm-devel.x86_64                             0.4.1-12.el8                                               @powertools            
xdelta.x86_64                                        3.1.0-4.el8                                                @baseos                
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.8.1-1.el8                                                @appstream             
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.8.0-1.el8                                                @appstream             
xdg-desktop-portal-kde.x86_64                        5.24.7-1.el8                                               @epel                  
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.17-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.10-13.el8                                                @appstream             
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.2-5.el8                                                @appstream             
xerces-c.x86_64                                      3.2.3-5.el8                                                @epel                  
xfce-polkit.x86_64                                   0.3-3.el8                                                  @epel                  
xfce4-appfinder.x86_64                               4.16.1-3.el8                                               @epel                  
xfce4-panel.x86_64                                   4.16.3-1.el8                                               @epel                  
xfce4-power-manager.x86_64                           4.16.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin.x86_64                       0.4.3-3.el8                                                @epel                  
xfce4-screensaver.x86_64                             4.16.0-3.el8                                               @epel                  
xfce4-session.x86_64                                 4.16.0-4.el8                                               @epel                  
xfce4-settings.x86_64                                4.16.5-2.el8                                               @epel                  
xfce4-terminal.x86_64                                1.0.4-1.el8                                                @epel                  
xfconf.x86_64                                        4.16.0-1.el8                                               @epel                  
xfdesktop.x86_64                                     4.16.0-3.el8                                               @epel                  
xfsdump.x86_64                                       3.1.8-4.el8                                                @baseos                
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      5.0.0-11.el8_8                                             @baseos                
xfsprogs-devel.x86_64                                5.0.0-11.el8_8                                             @baseos                
xfwm4.x86_64                                         4.16.1-1.el8                                               @epel                  
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.28-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
xkeyboard-config-devel.noarch                        2.28-1.el8                                                 @appstream             
xl2tpd.x86_64                                        1.3.17-1.el8                                               @epel                  
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-50.el8                                               @baseos                
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.51.0-8.el8                                               @baseos                
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.51.0-8.el8                                               @baseos                
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1.2.25-4.el8                                               @appstream             
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1.2.25-4.el8                                               @appstream             
xmlstarlet.x86_64                                    1.6.1-20.el8                                               @appstream             
xmlto.x86_64                                         0.0.28-7.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-apps.x86_64                                 7.7-21.el8                                                 @powertools            
xorg-x11-docs.noarch                                 1.7.1-7.el8                                                @appstream             
xorg-x11-drivers.x86_64                              7.7-30.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              19.1.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-dummy.x86_64                            0.3.7-6.el8.1                                              @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-2.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-evdev-devel.x86_64                      2.10.6-2.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917-41.20210115.el8                                   @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         0.29.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.15-4.el8.1                                           @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.5-11.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-v4l.x86_64                              0.3.0-2.el8                                                @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                             2.4.0-3.el8                                                @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.2.1-8.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            0.38.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             0.38.0-1.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                           1:7.5-41.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-100dpi.noarch                         7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-75dpi.noarch                          7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-75dpi.noarch                7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-100dpi.noarch              7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-75dpi.noarch               7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-100dpi.noarch              7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-75dpi.noarch               7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-100dpi.noarch               7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-75dpi.noarch                7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-100dpi.noarch               7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-75dpi.noarch                7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                          7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-cyrillic.noarch                       7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-ethiopic.noarch                       7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                           7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2020.1-3.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-server-Xdmx.x86_64                          1.20.11-15.el8                                             @appstream             
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                        1.20.11-15.el8                                             @appstream             
xorg-x11-server-Xnest.x86_64                         1.20.11-15.el8                                             @appstream             
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.11-15.el8                                             @appstream             
xorg-x11-server-Xspice.x86_64                        0.1.5-11.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb.x86_64                          1.20.11-15.el8                                             @appstream             
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      21.1.3-10.el8                                              @appstream             
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.11-15.el8                                             @appstream             
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                         7.7-27.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-utils.x86_64                                7.5-28.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.0.9-12.el8                                             @appstream             
xorg-x11-xbitmaps.noarch                             1.1.1-13.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.3.4-18.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-xinit-session.x86_64                        1.3.4-18.el8                                               @appstream             
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.x86_64                            7.7-28.el8                                                 @appstream             
xorriso.x86_64                                       1.4.8-4.el8                                                @appstream             
xrestop.x86_64                                       0.4-21.el8                                                 @appstream             
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.0-26.el8                                               @epel                  
xsettingsd.x86_64                                    1.0.2-1.el8                                                @epel                  
xterm.x86_64                                         331-1.el8_3.2                                              @appstream             
xterm-resize.x86_64                                  331-1.el8_3.2                                              @appstream             
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-1.el8                                                @rpmfusion-free-updates
xwm.x86_64                                           0.1.9-1.el8                                                @epel                  
xz.x86_64                                            5.2.4-4.el8_6                                              @baseos                
xz-devel.x86_64                                      5.2.4-4.el8_6                                              @baseos                
xz-libs.x86_64                                       5.2.4-4.el8_6                                              @baseos                
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-11.el8                                               @appstream             
yelp.x86_64                                          2:3.28.1-3.el8                                             @appstream             
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:3.28.1-3.el8                                             @appstream             
yelp-tools.noarch                                    3.28.0-3.el8                                               @appstream             
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      3.28.0-2.el8                                               @appstream             
yum.noarch                                           4.7.0-16.el8_8                                             @baseos                
yum-utils.noarch                                     4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            @baseos                
zenity.x86_64                                        3.28.1-2.el8                                               @appstream             
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.5-1.el8                                                @epel                  
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-23.el8                                                 @baseos                
zlib.x86_64                                          1.2.11-21.el8_7                                            @baseos                
zlib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.11-21.el8_7                                            @baseos                
zlib-static.x86_64                                   1.2.11-21.el8_7                                            @powertools            
zsh.x86_64                                           5.5.1-10.el8                                               @baseos                
zsh-html.noarch                                      5.5.1-10.el8                                               @appstream             
zstd.x86_64                                          1.4.4-1.el8                                                @appstream             
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-9.el8                                               @epel                  
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     1.2.0-1.el8                                                @epel                  
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.68-9.el8                                              @appstream             
zziplib-utils.x86_64                                 0.13.68-9.el8                                              @appstream             